Some good-ass weed
Check it out Dog: this game is a motherfuckin trip man. Word on the streets, everybody always tryin to run up on me hollerin about Word on the streets is, this nigga said this. Man, I dont give a fuck about what that nigga said man. Thats whats wrong with you niggas. You niggas is just like bitches. Ho-ass niggas, talk too motherfuckin much (Speak). Stay to your own, get your own–you know what Im saying? Be independent, nigga
Biatch

Yeah
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch-ass niggas (Beotch)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Yeah, Im talkin about you (Beotch)
Bitch niggas
And you too (Biatch)
Hmm, Dogg

I meet mo bitch niggas than hoes, look here
And I really dont know, but thats just how it go (damn)
Dogg, so many niggas like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (beotch) niggas be talkin shit (nigga)
Smilin in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggas stay strapped from way back, cause payback...will
Make niggas wanna pop that shit
If you aint ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right)
No mo talkn, Im walkin and Im poppin the clip
Glock on the hip, set-trippin, dippin and shit
If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch

Bitch niggas, bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
These niggas dont know what the fuck is goin on
Yo Dogg, check it, kick back
Let me holler at these niggas for a minute

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, makin these punk motherfuckers hate it
(Compton) is the city Im from
Cant never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon
Huh, I cant live my life on broke no mo
And most of these fools aint shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face, and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thing fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, Im fiendin for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me...

These niggas after yo paper, Dr. D-R-E (Wha?)
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, theyll be around, but when yo paper get low
Just like Master P said, There they go, there they go
Bitch niggas, uh-huh

Attention all personnel:
Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and, an–, and, an–an–, and, and lookin hard

Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hella bitch nigga
Yous a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
A bitch nigga

I know yo type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer, my dick be stuck up in yo windpipe
Hmm, youd rather blow me than fight, Im from the old school
Like Romey Rome, homey, yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, been wantin to cap you
Every since you was mad doggin me with that bitch in yo car
Fool, Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff
Man, you shit on Hitt, get yo shit bust, plus
Pistol-whipped, cover it up, use yo bitchs blush
Mr. Powder Puff yo, bark aint loud enough, huh
I know Chihuahuas thats mo rah-rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You dont want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No yous a busta slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimens
A bitch nigga

Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop, stop, stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, schemin and lookin hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, schemin and lookin hard
Stop schemin an–, an–, an–, an–, an–, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop sche–, schemin, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and, and, and stop schemin, and lookin hard