Where you at? Where you from?
Whatcha doing over here, motherfucker?
Whatcha think? What you bang?
This aint no motherfuckin game

Now I aint never been no gangsta
But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside
Theres some cold killas, cold killas (My man, he used to tell me)
My nigga, you should roll with us, roll with us (Every night)
Married to the more money, more women
Now I aint ever been the one thatll pull a gun on you
But I know who got em
No, I never sold no drugs, homie
But I know who got em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me
But I know who got em
Mmmmm, heeeey-heeeeeey
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you, well, its just another Friday night
Got a nigga feeling kinda nice
With the Bible right beside that pile of white
Thats what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)

Now please dont give me a reason, reason
Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
Ive been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That Im the motherfuckin one to breed them and lead em
In a league of my own
You aint even made it up to my throne
You aint even authorized for this song
Might be best for you to get goin
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong and its on
I have tried my best to be calm
Please dont make me grab that phone (Uh-oh)
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
Thirty years in this bitch and Im still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing somethin right
Word to my nigga Eazy

Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)


Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars L.A. has ever seen
People been tellin me Ive grown into some kind of monster
But they dont know me though, Ive been this way since seventeen
Tryna get finances poppin, man, I thought that was the object
Til some of my niggas lost they life and then there goes the team
My only dream was holding it down, like, fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
Its your choice, I took this industry by storm, young and black
Killing them softly
Dont ever call me fortunate, you dont know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me, homie
We aint even talkin, fuck that energy, fuck up off me, ugh!

Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

You look at my lifestyle
Im living my life now
Im dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
Im fucking with Ice now
Im fucking with shit that you only can get
On an oversea flight now
You scared of my heights now
But still, I got enemies giving me energy
I wanna fight now
Subliminal, sending me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think Im too hood in my video?
But really, no clue, you idiot
I just cant help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then, you hang yourself
Cause I got the green and gold (With a million sold)
Plus plenty more, (and my dollar thicker)
But with or without the diamonds, though
(To you) Im just another (Nigga!)

Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

Youll find out when Im gone