Hit this motherfucker, G
No, naw, man, I cant fuck with that
Aw, man, I been dealin with you for three motherfuckin months, you aint hit the pipe in front of me yet!
So, what you sayin?
I think you 5-0!
5-0? Man, I aint no motherfuckin cop!
Well, hit this motherfucker then
(Lights pipe)

(I can feel it!)

Tonights the night I get in some shit (Yeah)
Deep cover, on the incognito tip
Killin motherfuckers if I have to, peelin caps, too
Let your niggas know Im comin at you
I guess thats part of the game
But I feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change things with the swiftness
So get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
Im on a mission, and my mission wont stop
Until I get the nigga maxin at the top
I hope you get his ass fore he drop
Kingpin, kickin back while his workers slang his rocks
Comin up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So its difficult to get him
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with him
Hit him like this and like that
Let him know that Im lookin for a big, fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so lets rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, well discuss it
On a niggas time, and a niggas place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
Cause hes a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck, cause Im goin deep cover

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call him Snoop Eastwood
Kickin dust as I bust, fuck peace, and
The motherfuckin punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, thats what wes about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre! (What up, Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin
Tonights the night, like Betty Wright, and Im chillin
Killin, feelin no remorse, yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfuckin source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be gettin niggas a gang of time
And now, they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at seven oclock (So, whats up, nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a Uzi, and my motherfuckin twenty-two
So, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck em
If we stick em, then we struck em, so fuck em!
(I can feel it!)

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Six-four-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homie bailed in the parkin lot
The scene looked strange, and it felt like a setup
Bet not be, cause if it is, they gettin lit up!
Oh, here they come from the back in they Lacs
Im checkin for the gats they strap, so whats up, black?
Chill, lets hear the deal
If it aint up to what you feel, then grab your steel
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gon come at me with?
Hope you aint wantin none of my grip
Cause you can save that shit (Guess what they told me?)
We give you 20 Gs if you snitch on your homie
Well put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us
Hmmm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him fore I shot it?
If you dont quit, yeah
If you dont stop, yeah
Im lettin my gat pop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop