For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money

Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane
Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane

Say Whats up to the broke nigga at the rich party (Woo!)
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do it look like I give a fuck? Sorry (Yeah!)
Looking at these hoes
And they gold-digger-gorgeous tryna get me (Woo!)
I run game on a bitch
In one Mississippi, two Mississippi (Yeah!)
Flint nigga in the spot
til they pop one and the cops come like (Woo!)
Motherfuckers own a shotgun
Like a pop gun and they ready like (Yeah!)
Civic good nigga
Im a Northside nigga til Im gone (Woo!)
Do it for the ones in the hood
Like Connor gon put the city on (Wait!)
Fuck that shit, nigga, fuck that shit, go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I aint got shit but I still feel good
Nigga cant take what a nigga dont got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell em post up
Homie in the hood like Let me hold something
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil buddy froze up
All they be talkin but aint saying nothing
Niggas be talking that aint what they want
Aint no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this shit, I aint giving a fuck
You loving the bitch, she get hit in the truck
You think this sound crazy, thats how I grew up
So this for my people who still in the cut

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get it, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

Say Whats up to the nigga
Wearing all black at the white party (Woo!)
And Im looking like I dont give a fuck
Thats just how I get down nigga, sorry (Yeah!)
And Im looking like I dont play no games
Nah, nigga dont try me (Woo!)
Been that nigga thats spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfuckin hobby (Yeah!)
If youre on that bullshit nigga
Better fly that shit right by me (Woo!)
Came from the bottom of this bitch
And made it out of that shit and thats why we (Yeah!)
On top of this motherfuckin world
Damn, look at that body (Woo!)
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me (Yeah!)
Bend it over, end of story

Seems like chasing papers whats important to you
Got a relationship with that money
But that bitch will never be faithful to you
Even though I know she knows she crazy
Please just let it go, seize, no saving you
Ride, ride til the motherfuckin wheels fall off in this bitch
But we can do it for the love
But Im never stopping my poppin
These numbers dont lie, but your love is superficial
Its the simple shit you need to pay attention to

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane
Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane