Biatch!
Eeeh, whappen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So whappen Dre, tell em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh

Creepin down the back street on Ds
I got my Glock cocked cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 tryin to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas comin like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker, Im Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So wont you just walk on by? Cause Im too hard to lift
And no, this aint Aerosmith
Its the motherfuckin D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhymin spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, cause if it dont stop
Ill have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
Cause Im—

Rollin in my six-four
What all the niggas sayin?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Just another motherfuckin day for Dre, so Ill begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
Its just that gangsta glare with gangsta raps
That gangsta shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfuckin streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on Ds, hittin the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now Im smellin like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, its your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah

Rollin in my six-four
What all the bitches sayin?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfuckin bitches sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what Im sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now Im just flossin
Checkin my rearview cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Tryin to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I dont represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynchin, but I just watch em hang
So on and so on, why dont you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didnt nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peepin out they window when they hear me beatin up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
Thats what they say every single motherfuckin day
Yo, but I aint trippin, Im just kickin it
While my Ds keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin Ill be—

Rollin in my six-four
What everybody sayin?

Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody sayin?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride