—so, all of you Africans
All of you Africans that know how to do things thats working for other people
Yall need to open your own business
Save your money, quit paying motherfuckers for jheri curls
Quit paying motherfuckers for perms
Save your money, start your own business
So these little Africans will have wa— places to work
This is our future right here!
This our future right here! (Right there)
This— (The new generation is goin! The new generation!)
Hey, Ima tell you right now
If— If— If I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future, Im a dead motherfucker! (You right! Respect!)

Wake up, jumped out my bed
Im in a two man cell with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?
Im only eighteen, so Im a young buck
Its a riot, if I dont scrap, Im getting stuck
But thats the life of a G, I guess
Eses way deep, shanked two in the chest
Best run cause brothers is dropping quicker
Uh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Getting that rep as a young hog
It aint nothing like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank, cause aint no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time

Them say me grow up to be nothing
Look at me now and tell me what you see
I am what I am, its only me
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Now Im holding a dub, sitting on swoll
27 years old, up for parole, stroll
Im back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That Ill be making soon as I touch the streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right
But it aint no thang to me
Cause now Im what they call a loced-assed OG
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with cause Im down to set trip
Nigga, Im bigger than you, so what you wanna do?
Didnt know he had a twenty-two
Straight sitting behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didnt understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess thats what I get (For what?)
For trying to jack the little homies for they grip

Me learn many things from what me see from the street
The outcome of what Ive come to be
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Something for the real OGs to get with
Some facts, made our made, now you runnin but dont play
Like every single day, really, though
You know me, Im the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie
No needing being calm if you pack right
And learning just enough to keep your sack right
Late nights, I wonder what they getting for?
Early morning on the corners, what they hitting for?
Seven young Gs put they serve down
In a G ride, east sides where they swerve now
Not thinking about whats really going on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone
I spent four years in the county with nothing but convicts around me
But now Im back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think its wrong but we tend to think its right
So make all them ends you can make
Cause when youre broke, you break, check it out
So aint no need for your mama to trip
Cause yous a hustlin-ass youngsta, clocking your grip

Now me finally grown as you can see, still an OG
For life and always remain to be
A little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?