All my life, Ive been down to ride
So I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and what between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin real life

You know where the fuck Im from
From that muthafuckin legendary
From the city where them niggas load clips in fast
And get stabbed at homeroom shouldve skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gangbangin out the window hollering lets ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas dont know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life
You never die, you never die
Im in that motherfuckin one for a minute now
All yall lil niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, Im the one thats killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle

Cold 187um
Know its been a minute since you heard from us
Still were untouchable murderers
R.I.P to KMG, I still got a murder rap
And dont give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin I walk in the building
I just give a fuck where the money at
Im Jordan and Jackson, the coach and the player
They trust me its only just one of them
Im callin them shots and makin the plays
If you get a trade, better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta, yall testin my patience
Got me feelin so anxious, I be lookin so facetious
Feel like running a caper

Wait, hold up I got next! What up, X?

Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and Im dressed like a spy
Black tux, on you fucks
And guess what? Im ready to (blow, yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin off the neighbors, scrapin, bumpin in the driveway
Cube gave me the pistol
Told me to kill at will and (blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldnt give a fuck) Literally
Cashed out just livin to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of em? Send them to me
While Im just over here cozy holdin these double Ds
She book smart with pornographic abilities
Well I ,dont know what you know, but I know
I got that shit!
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck em!
Thats why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitch niggas from runnin their mouth
Its bout time somebody said something

One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
Im ready to die, I cant control this fuckin anger
Ah shit, somebody better fuckin stop me
Cause Im a loose cannon that cant stand myself
Im bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else
(Fuck em!)
I swear to God, Imma do it, back the fuck up, Imma do it
I swear to God, Imma lose it

Baby, baby! What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down! Really? Are you doin this shit to me again?
Oh my God
You is so fucked up for this
Fuck It
*Gun cocks*
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Okay, Im sorry! What the fuck? Dont point the fuckin gun at me! Okay, put the fuckin gun down! No, no, no, no!!
*Gun shot*
Alright, I got the legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits, man
Shut the fuck up, I got it
What the, what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit, matter of fact you know what? You gon dig the fuckin hole this time
I dont give a fuck, like its the first fuckin hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I dont know, ask fuckin Charles Manson right here
Oh, oh, youre tryna be funny? Youre really fuckin tryna be funny right now?
Shh, shh, shut your ass up
This is bad. This is, this is fucking bad man. Fuck it, lets start digging