Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes

Its like Im in this
Dirt, digging up old hurt, tried everything
To get my mind off you, it wont work, all it takes
Is one song on the radio, youre right back on it, reminding me
All over again how you fucking just brushed me off and left me
So burnt, spent a lot of time tryna soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first, well, looks like I hit a
Growth spurt, but Im coming for closure
Dont suppose an explanation Im owed for the way that you
Turned your back on me just when I may have needed you most, oh
You thought it was over? You could just close the chapter
And go about your life like it was nothing, you ruined mine
But you seem to be doing fine, well, Ive never recovered
But tonight I bet you that what youre bout to go throughs tougher
Than anything I ever have suffered, cant think of a better way
To define poetic justice, can I hold grudges?
Mind saying, Let it go, fuck this, hearts saying, I will
Once I bury this bitch alive, hide the shovel and then drive of
In the sunset

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but its easier to justify
Whats bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch!
Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
Thought some time would pass and Id forget it? Forget it!
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
May be gone but hes not forgotten
And dont think ‘cause hes been out the picture
So long that Ive stopped the plotting and still aint coming to get ya
Youre wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played hims same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that Ive gone through?
Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to?
Not once you call to ask me how Im doing
Letters, you dont respond to em
Fuck it, Im coming to see you
And, gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage, and Im bout to take it out on you
Poof, then Im gone, voosh

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but its easier to justify
Whats bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

Ive been driving around your side of this town
Like nine fricking hours and forty-five minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like Ive been waiting on this moment all of my life
And its now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and Im ducking on the side of your house
See, its sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment
To come and see ya, but I aint here for your empathy
I dont need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
Its revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential—I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
All the way round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldnt be that easy to do this
You dont plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag, almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
Ironys spectacular, huh? Now whos a faggot, you punk?
And heres your Bronco hat
You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck
Its just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it
Were in a car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric
Im the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, heres a sequel to my
Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy
Hows this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun!
Last album now, ‘cause after this youll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell
Bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since youre in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we dont get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess ninety on the freeway wasnt the brightest idea, as cops appear in my drivers side mirror
(Oh, God! Police! Aaaghh!)
Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan, Stan!
Slim: Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
Ha ha, big bro, its for you; Slim, this is for him
And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again!
Part 2: Produced by StreetRunner

I also represent
Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
Im the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
Im your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, its hopeless, Im the denial that youre hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that its over, here we go all over again
Backs to the wall, Im stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause Im talking a lot of
Shit but Im backing it all up
But in my head theres a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience
Im the ringing in your ears
Im the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal cords after your concerts
Im your time thats almost up that you havent acknowledged
Grab for some water
But Im that pill thats too jagged to swallow
Im the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on ya, every woman you insult
Batter, but the double-standard you have
When it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rappers persona
Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stans just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had til its gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
Im the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
Im the future thats here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you dont stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who cant call it quits
When its time to walk away, Im every guilt trip
The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions
If theres anything you have left to say
Less it makes an impact, then dont bother
So fore you rest your case
Better make sure youre packing a wallop
So, one last time, Im back
Fore it fades into black and its all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Tryna recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started
It all, tragic portrait of an artist
Tortured, trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts blacker and darker
Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark
Uh, as we pick up where the last Mathers left off