Somethings burnin, I cant figure out what (Out what)
Its either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded; must
Just be the powder from the power of (Love)
But Im in something I dont know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walk, the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain thats what I heard
‘Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her
The thoughts scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace!
Hope it aint, Here we go, yo!
‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case
Scenario, though in the first place (Ah, fuck)
But you confirmed my low-end theory though
Shouldve known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date
Couldve made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
No, (*slurp*) you dont (*slurp*) under— (*slurp*) —stand, (*slurp*)
I (*slurp*) dont (*slurp*) do this for (*hic*) anyone, (*hic*) ever (*slurp*)
Yeah, that aint what they all say?
Ill say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancé
Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwamé
Guess Im gettin my g-goddang Jigga on, eh?
‘Cause your name, Im beyond sayin
But fuck it, Im movin on, you women are all cray
But Ill probably always keep on playin the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

She doesnt love me, no, she dont love me no more
She hates my company, guess she dont love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!
And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!

I told that bitch, Im a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick
Suckin dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water
He drowned, like an abortion
They booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, dont forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin Ferris wheel
Fuckin spinnin on me—fuck you think, we gon get married still?
Fuckin Mary had a little lamb, this aint no fairy tale
Fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin feel
Like you should fuckin beat it
Or fuckin eat it while Im on my period
Now have a blessed day! (*Phone hangs up*) Bitch, you serious?
Im in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you aint fuckin with me, you cut me deep as Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, Im delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
Thats analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin cordial, yeah, I got some home training
That aint what you like, aint it?
What about if I was as famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singin, I hope shes good enough
Meanwhile youre chasin her
Chlamydia couldnt even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, Ima live with the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

(She doesnt love me, no, she dont love me no more)
(She hates my company, guess she dont love me no more)
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!
And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!

So needless to say Im feelin betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wires dick
Now shes chasin me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché
Its all my fault anyway, shes turnin the tables, Im a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior
Back together, but forgot today was her B-day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes
Thats when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin brakeline
Stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin seventy-three, thank God theres an exit comin up
What the mother-F-U-C-Ks wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp til I coasted to a goshdamn halt
Hit a fuckin tree, now here she comes at full speed
Shes racin at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window
She screamin, I body slam her on the cement
Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved
(The fuck?) Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, ‘cause shes layin next to me in bed—directly aimin a gat at my head!
Woke up again and jumped up
Like, Fuck it! Ive had it, Im checkin into rehab
I confess Im a static addict, I guess thats why Im so clingy
Every girl Ive ever had either says I got too much baggage
Or Im too fuckin dramatic
Man, what the fuck is the matter? Im just a fuckin romantic
I fuckin love you, you fuckin bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, Hit the road, then after she left
I sent that bitch a text that said, Be careful driving
Dont read this and have an accident
She glanced to look at it and wrecked (*Car crashes*)
Too bad, thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than the model covered in LOréal and mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin
While the whore was yellin, Rape!
Til her vocal cords were swellin
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings face
Still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Less youre Andrea Yates, dont ask me for a date though
Youre late, well, the sentiments great
But wait, think theres been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
Its mainly cause of the game of— (*Message sound*)
Wait, dinner at eight? I have infinite hate in my blood
Its mainly cause of the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love