*Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybodys Celebratin) plays*
Yeah, nigga, whats up with all that motherfuckin shit you was talkin, nigga? (Hey, why you trippin?)
Huh? (Hey Dre, why you trippin, why you trippin?)
Fuck that, nigga, whats up with all that shit you was talkin, nigga? (I aint say nothing, why you trippin?)
Youre a motherfuckin liar, nigga, that was you (Nah, that wasnt me!)
That was you, nigga (That wasnt me!), hey—
Hey, check this out, motherfucker
Whats wrong, nigga? (It wasnt!)
You cant talk with a gun in your mouth? (Nah, it wasnt me, Dre!)
You cant talk with a gun in your mouth? (It wasnt me!)
Listen up, nigga, you know Lucifer? (Nah)
Well, youre about to meet him, motherfucker

Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun

Forty-four reasons come to mind
Why a motherfuckin brother is hard to find
He been walking on the streets and fuckin with mine
Stupid punk cant fuck with a mastermind
See, I never take a step on a Compton block
Or L.A. without the AK ready to pop
Cause them punk motherfuckers in black and white
Aint the only motherfuckers I gots to fight
I think its better to be tellin the facts than cuffed up
And jacked and fucked up
What you niggas looking at? You going
Goddamn! Cause its the city
And for you to survive, a nigga gotta be a gangsta
And Im a nigga you cant remove
Took out a lot of motherfuckers for tryin to prove
To they homies that they can hang by dealin with me
But once again in the end they D-E-A-D
I never did time on a murder yet
Cause I relax, sit back, do a job and jet
Yo, I know you understand my flow
So here we go, and Death Row
Come let a motherfucker know

Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun

D-R-E, a motherfucker whos known for carrying gats
And kick raps that make snaps, adapts to
Any environment that Im located at
If you see me on the solo move believe that Im strapped
Four-four, tray-eight or AK-47
Cause slowly but surely send you on a stairway to heaven
Just put my finger on the trigger and pull back
And lay a punk motherfucker flat
As he wonder what popped before he got popped
I told you I was Dre and you know it dont stop
Now I know you understand my flow
So here we go, and Death Row
Come let a motherfucker know

Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun

I breaks em off, I breaks em off, yeah
I breaks em off, I breaks em off, yeah

I breaks em off, but I aint speaking about between the thighs
Im talking about cocking a gauge in between your eyes
Itll make you drop to your knees cause you realize
That a gatll make any nigga civilized
Old buster-ass nigga talking bullshit
Dont know that Im the wrong nigga to fuck with
Get lit or hit up by the doctor
A nigga that breaks em off properly
Real G so dont doubt it
Im the one whos doin it while these other niggas talk about it
And if motherfuckers come at me wrong
I straight put my forty-four Desert Eagle to his motherfuckin dome
And show him why they call me the notorious one
The name is Dre Eastwood when Im packing a gun
You dont believe me, well step up and give it a try
And if you die, yous a buster, cause real niggas dont die
But some still dont hear me, though
Youre too near me not to hear me, nigga, yo
So now you know

Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Whos the man with the master plan?
A nigga with a motherfuckin gun
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)

Everyday its the same thing, L.A. aint changed
Niggas still playa hating, but Dre aint changed
Im just a lot smarter now
Cause these niggas is banging ten times harder now
Niggas bringing they ass up in the wrong part of town
Better turn their car around
Rolling the window down (Hey can we talk it out?)
(Nah, get the fuck out!)
Johnny got a shotgun
And he aint even strong enough to cock one
Fuck trying to job hunt
Niggas got AKs
Niggas is way crazier than Dre was back in his N.W.A. days
Niggas spray strays and shoot without looking
Niggas walk by and blast, without leaving a footprint
I think the attitudes are twice as worst
It takes half the time to get your whole life reversed
Always trying to play Rambo with they ammo
Make a nigga wanna stay in family mode

(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!!)

Late nights is full of lead that whistles as it goes by
Murder arrives, anytime
Bullets take flight when the fo-five ignites
Some hearts skip a beat, some get blew out, and never re-light
With you in the site of youngsters with automatics
Busting on shit to lay everything down even tourists to non-affiliates
These days, gun play is official with green lights on every block
Though the sign tells you too its not best to stop
On every corner, Cali niggas are dumping
Youll be shaking your soul loose from the box at the coroners
Making death not so foreign to ya
Niggas got Rugers and M14s with enough ammo to leave
An armored truck Swiss cheese
Ive learned to stay away from house parties
Ive seen too many go and end up absent without leave
Aint no warm welcomings
My eyes have witnessed the bend in on
Nights that dont sleep, and fireworks until dawn

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!!)

Now tell me, what the fuck is this man?
Niggas doing brothers in worse than the Klan
Cant even stand
In front of your building and chill without yielding
Twelve year old children that kill, blood spilling
Thugs be illing, unnecessary slugs filling the sky
Usually drilling the one that wasnt willing to die
Yes sir, in the Killing Field I got my life preserver
And Ill do my time for murder
These niggas got the nerve to question me
Bout the colors that I got on?
I see that red dot on your knot
Bout to get your whole crew shot on
A Soldier of Fortune, Im the wrong man to plot on
Took him out on the spot before he even got on my hit list
Peep this
I cock back, you bow down
Bust round, bloody the ground
Retaliation sounds like this

Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Everywhere I go, all I ever seem to hear is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
No matter where I go, all I ever seem to see is
(BANG BANG!! BANG BANG!!)
Los Angeles approach control
This is Cessna 0281-Echo-119.3, over
Cessna 81-Echo, Los Angeles approach control, roger, go ahead
Cessna 81-Echo is over the Compton Airport, 5-2 at 5000
Requesting ground controlled approach
To the Los Angeles Airport, over
81-Echo, Los Angeles approach controlled, roger
Radar identification; turn right, heading
0-3-0

I got mo class than most of em, ran with the best of em
Forgave the less of em and blazed at the rest of em
What can I say? Cali-for-ni-a
Where niggas die every day over some shit they say
Disconnected from the streets forever
As long as I got a Beretta, nigga, Im down for whateva
I roll with my shit off safety, for niggas that been hatin me lately
And the bitches that wanna break me
If Cali blew up, Id be in the Aftermath
Bumpin gangsta rap shit, down to blast for cash
Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G
Started from that S.O.B., D.R.E
Like Dub-C, Im rich rollin, pistol holdin
Pockets swole nigga, thats how Im rollin
Put the flame to the killer, nigga
Worldwide homicide mob figure in the building, for real
Im hittin switches, makin bitches eat bitches
See me grab my dick every time I pose for pictures
I own acres, floor seats watchin the Lakers
Im cool with eses who got AKs in cases

Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo and yank the Heezos
Niggas play this in their Rovers, Jeeps and Regals
Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo and yank the Heezos
Bitches play this in their Benzes, Jeeps and Geos

Ill bust a Mr. Toughy, slash a Smoovy Doovy
Crashin Flex on Tuesdays, harassin hoes at movies
Passin by with Uzis, like who you aiming at?
That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claimin that
Rat-a-tat-tat
*Automatic gunfire, screaming, followed by tires peeling*
I dont sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys
You gotta recognize Hittman is an enterprise
Cali pride, Bronson rider South Central-ised
The Henny got me energized, smoke the guys
Tryna focus on mines, poke they eyes out, Im L.A.s locest
Hope they dont have to find out the hard way
Like snitch niggas in the pen that get hit
When the guards look the other way
We hittin hard – Hittman and Dre
You playin games? I suggest you know the rules
We puttin guns to fools, make you run yo jewels
Take yo honey and cruise to the Snooty & snooze, cop booze
Pop coochie til the nut oozes, you shouldnt fuck with crews
Thats sick, the aftermath is we rule shit
Im Big Hitt, dont confuse me with no other
Bout to blow, motherfucker

Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo and yank the Heezos
Niggas play this in their Rovers, Jeeps and Regals
Dedicated to all of those with big egos
Never fakin, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo and yank the Heezos
Bitches play this in their Benzes, Jeeps and Geos

You look like AC Green, bitch, dont call here anymore
With feet like Ben Vereens, bitch, dont call here anymore
No no, no no
What up? Its Hittman
I aint at the crib right now
So you can leave your name and number after the beep
Unless its Tammies ugly ass – I aint fuckin with you
Its fuckin ackrite
Question is - can I get some? Know what Im saying?
Ack-rite, bitch
When I see you in the spot, you just act right, you know what Im saying?
When I yank you by the fuckin arm
Dont be looking at a nigga crazy
Just give up the digits and be the fuck out, you know what Im saying?
Let me break it down for yall

It was just one of those days
When I wanted to catch sunrays
It`s fun to gitt blunted on a Sunday afternoon
Nigga Bathed & got groomed, grabbed the gat for misbehavors
And the chocolate flavored boom, lost in hip-hop tunes
Zoom-zoom like the Commodores
Wonder will we have drama or, end up clowning whores
Round up four good-to-go girls
Like them Barbary Coast girls, riding shotgun, baby
I be postin all-world in the ride
Sipping 151 done gave me too much pride to back down
Soon as we get to The Beach Imma put my fuckin mack down
Im playin lead, not the background
Its time to put Bronson on the map now
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile
Cuties peep my style, if I dont get some ackrite
Imma have to ack-wild

Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas dont fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(Aight? And a give a nig some ackrite)
Im the type of nigga playa-haters dont like
Snatchin up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(Aight? So give a nig some ackrite, right)

Uhhhhh.. drink kicking in, Im stimulated
For those that dont know big words: Im FUCKIN FADED
Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot
Our first spot was cool till some gangsters made it hot
Now we plot and pose
Plus we watchin hoes, with lots of flesh exposed
Getting swarmed by those type of niggas
With no game but brown-nose
So I impose only like pros can
Yo, is this your man? No.
Grab the bitchs hand, Im Hittman.
Bling! Gold chain gleam
Youre very eligible for my summer league team.
Maybe too extreme cause the sister got steamed
Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethren
I got mad, spit phlegm on the name
Stefan, tattooed on her arm
Ho you aint the bomb, must be a dyke
Gitcho lips swoll, or give a nig some ackrite

Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right
Strap by my waistline, cause niggas dont fight
Sucker free for life, so you better think twice
(And a give a nig some ackrite)
Im the type of nigga playa-haters dont like
Snatchin up your honey for some late night hype
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite
(So give a nig some ackrite, right)

Fronting on the ack-rite, causing me to act up
Good Samaritans save that ho from getting slapped up
My homies crack up at the scene I made
Yo my actions aint serene when a niggas on fade
If it wasnt for the one-time brigade
I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp
As cops parade Im afraid its time to break camp
Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes
From fake macks? {*CAR HORN*} Aiyyo, chase them girls
In that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her
Neckbone, looking back at us
Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddys plush
They blush, I bumrush the huss, with the largest crush
Try to swing an ep tonight so I dont have to keep in touch
Keep it on hush without the tippin`
Macking interrupted by some niggas set-tripping
Clip in the strap, I showed these niggas how to act
Fear. Fears a powerful thing. I mean, its got a lot of firepower. If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, thats very powerful. I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy, just to do as well as the next guy. And to do better than the next guy, I had to just kill. And you know, to a certain extent, thats still with me in how I work, you know. I just... go in

Sittin bout a hundred stories up, like what the fuck?
And Im just lookin at it all
Ill be right here in Los Angeles, lookin like a villain layin low
Nothin I can do but pack it all up
Goin up, but shit, I feel the love
Spotlight on me and Im feelin so rare tonight
Actin a fool and feelin alive
Im fuckin flawless like I live in a vault

Only type of livin I know
(Only type of living I, only type of living I)
Yeah, see, if it was you, you wouldve killed yourself by now
(Only type of living I, only type of living I know)
It takes a special kind of mothafucka to live like this
(Only type of living I)
And they ask me how I do it
(Only type of living I know)
Mothafucka, just take a look around

Best believe Im in the buildin
Ha, I hear you mothafuckas talkin and all that, but uh
No, no, dont mention me at all
Yeah, comin live and direct
And I know you feelin some type of way about it, but uh
Watch your mouth, I dare your ass to say somethin
I thought it was all good (Hey)
But now you mothafuckas crossed the line and
Kinda pissin me off
All the fans and all the fame
And though I gave everything to this game, they still complain
Now what the fuck do yall expect me to do?
Theres so much fuckin pressure
Theres so much pressure
And its all in a days work

Work, hard
Workin so hard
24/7, 3-6-5
365, hard work
Its all in a days work

My whole life, all I ever thought about is grindin
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylist
And that was back when I felt like
Rappers was true mothafuckin riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fuckin youngster, man
Shit I was still sayin, Fuck the police
(Man, fuck the police)
Born and raised in the belly of the beast
(Mothafuckin Hub City)
I had a dream that we was at peace
But I was so wrong, so wrong
Yall too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV is talking bout pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck
When they runnin their life story by us
Its the worst when Im in a hotel, like a Hilton, sick and tired
And some of these housewives way too fuckin desperate
These bitches thinkin fame first
I cant knock the hustle, shit, its (All in a days work)
But thats that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit, its just somethin about that Hollywood curse
They just thirsty

Hard times
I double my grind, fuck the part-time
Stay ready for war, Im on the front line
Im gettin the feelin like its all mine
Its becoming the only feeling I know
(Only type of livin I) Only type of livin I know
(Only type of livin I) Only type of livin I know
(Only type of livin I) Only type of livin I know
(Only type of livin I know)

Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Lets get back to work
On the grind, back to work
Lets work

Rich as fuck, but, guess what?
Im back to work (Yeah, Im back to work)
Overseas, back home, no time to sleep
Im back to work (Huh, Im back to work)
So many people that I love, they want my time
But I got to work (Im sorrry, Im back to work)
Some of my friends dont understand, shit
I got to work (Huh, Im back to work)
Always talkin bout bustin the club
But Im like, Fuck that, I gotta work (Fuck that, Im workin)
If you really wanna do it like this, shit
You better get back to work (Im workin, huh)
Back to work, right back to work (Right back to work)
Gotta get back to work (Right back to work)
Shit, right back to work (Right back to work, huh)
These old sneakers, faded blue jeans, no tricks, no gimmicks
I be stompin down-down-down-down-down demons
Rollin up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree
The upper class eat, middle dont exist
The bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumpin on a fad, layin in a ditch?
I be stompin down demons, stompin down quick, come on

And please dont come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when were fuckin shit up, come on

Bullets still ringin, blood on the cement
Black folks grievin, headlines readin
Tryna pay it no mind, you just livin your life
Everyone is a witness, everyone got opinions
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I aint livin in fear, but Im holdin him tight
Got a son of my own, look him right in his eyes
I aint livin in fear, but Im holdin him tight

Damn, why the fuck are they after me? Maybe cause Im a bastard?
Or maybe cause of the way my hair grow naturally?
Still tryna figure out why the fuck Im full of rage
I think I noticed this bullshit right around the fifth grade
Paraphernalia in my locker right next to the switchblade
Nothin but pussy on my mind and some plans of gettin paid
But Im a product of the system, raised on government aid
And I knew just how to react when it was time for that raid
Just a young black man from Compton, wonderin, who could save us?
And could barely read the sentences the justice system gave us
So many rental cars with bricks, I think they probably funded Avis
Some of us was imbalanced but some us used our talents, shit
Not all of us criminals but cops be yellin, Stay back, nigga!
We need a little bit of payback (Payback!)
Dont treat me like an animal cause all this shit is flammable
Dont fuck around cause when its done, its done
Fuck you!

And the old folks tell me its been goin on since back in the day
But that dont make it okay
And them white folks tell me all the lootin and the shootins insane
But you dont know our pain

And please dont come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when we fuckin shit up, come on
And please dont come around these parts
And tell me that were all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when were fuckin shit up, come on

These old sneakers, faded blue jeans, no tricks, no gimmicks
I be stomping down-down-down-down-down demons
Rollin up trees in the belly of the beast
Where the people disagree
The upper class eat, middle dont exist
The bottom of the beat, glad I got my sticks
Are you jumpin on a fad, laying in a ditch?
I be stompin down demons, stompin down quick, come on

And the old folks tell me its been goin on since back in the day
But that dont make it okay
And them white folks tell me all the lootin and the shootins insane
But you dont know our pain

And please dont come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when were fuckin shit up, come on
And please dont come around these parts
And tell me that we all a bunch of animals
The only time they wanna turn the cameras on
Is when were fuckin shit up, come on

Yeah! This is DJ motherfuckin Premier!
And Im Dr. Dre (Dr. Dre)
What, Premo! Yeah we fuckin shit up!
No! We dont play no games here! Motherfucker, please!
Aftermath
One of the reasons that me and you click
We dont lose, I always win
Lets face it, you basic, boy, for realla, for realla
Professional winners!
For realla, for realla
Hit this motherfucker, G
No, naw, man, I cant fuck with that
Aw, man, I been dealin with you for three motherfuckin months, you aint hit the pipe in front of me yet!
So, what you sayin?
I think you 5-0!
5-0? Man, I aint no motherfuckin cop!
Well, hit this motherfucker then
(Lights pipe)

(I can feel it!)

Tonights the night I get in some shit (Yeah)
Deep cover, on the incognito tip
Killin motherfuckers if I have to, peelin caps, too
Let your niggas know Im comin at you
I guess thats part of the game
But I feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change things with the swiftness
So get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
Im on a mission, and my mission wont stop
Until I get the nigga maxin at the top
I hope you get his ass fore he drop
Kingpin, kickin back while his workers slang his rocks
Comin up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So its difficult to get him
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with him
Hit him like this and like that
Let him know that Im lookin for a big, fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so lets rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, well discuss it
On a niggas time, and a niggas place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
Cause hes a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck, cause Im goin deep cover

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call him Snoop Eastwood
Kickin dust as I bust, fuck peace, and
The motherfuckin punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, thats what wes about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre! (What up, Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin
Tonights the night, like Betty Wright, and Im chillin
Killin, feelin no remorse, yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfuckin source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be gettin niggas a gang of time
And now, they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at seven oclock (So, whats up, nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a Uzi, and my motherfuckin twenty-two
So, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck em
If we stick em, then we struck em, so fuck em!
(I can feel it!)

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

Six-four-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homie bailed in the parkin lot
The scene looked strange, and it felt like a setup
Bet not be, cause if it is, they gettin lit up!
Oh, here they come from the back in they Lacs
Im checkin for the gats they strap, so whats up, black?
Chill, lets hear the deal
If it aint up to what you feel, then grab your steel
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gon come at me with?
Hope you aint wantin none of my grip
Cause you can save that shit (Guess what they told me?)
We give you 20 Gs if you snitch on your homie
Well put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us
Hmmm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him fore I shot it?
If you dont quit, yeah
If you dont stop, yeah
Im lettin my gat pop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!

Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you dont stop
Cause its 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Where you at? Where you from?
Whatcha doing over here, motherfucker?
Whatcha think? What you bang?
This aint no motherfuckin game

Now I aint never been no gangsta
But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside
Theres some cold killas, cold killas (My man, he used to tell me)
My nigga, you should roll with us, roll with us (Every night)
Married to the more money, more women
Now I aint ever been the one thatll pull a gun on you
But I know who got em
No, I never sold no drugs, homie
But I know who got em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me
But I know who got em
Mmmmm, heeeey-heeeeeey
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you, well, its just another Friday night
Got a nigga feeling kinda nice
With the Bible right beside that pile of white
Thats what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)

Now please dont give me a reason, reason
Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
Ive been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That Im the motherfuckin one to breed them and lead em
In a league of my own
You aint even made it up to my throne
You aint even authorized for this song
Might be best for you to get goin
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong and its on
I have tried my best to be calm
Please dont make me grab that phone (Uh-oh)
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
Thirty years in this bitch and Im still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing somethin right
Word to my nigga Eazy

Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)


Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars L.A. has ever seen
People been tellin me Ive grown into some kind of monster
But they dont know me though, Ive been this way since seventeen
Tryna get finances poppin, man, I thought that was the object
Til some of my niggas lost they life and then there goes the team
My only dream was holding it down, like, fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
Its your choice, I took this industry by storm, young and black
Killing them softly
Dont ever call me fortunate, you dont know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me, homie
We aint even talkin, fuck that energy, fuck up off me, ugh!

Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

You look at my lifestyle
Im living my life now
Im dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
Im fucking with Ice now
Im fucking with shit that you only can get
On an oversea flight now
You scared of my heights now
But still, I got enemies giving me energy
I wanna fight now
Subliminal, sending me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think Im too hood in my video?
But really, no clue, you idiot
I just cant help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then, you hang yourself
Cause I got the green and gold (With a million sold)
Plus plenty more, (and my dollar thicker)
But with or without the diamonds, though
(To you) Im just another (Nigga!)

Its easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But Its hard for me to believe it
Youll find out when Im gone

Youll find out when Im gone
Some good-ass weed
Check it out Dog: this game is a motherfuckin trip man. Word on the streets, everybody always tryin to run up on me hollerin about Word on the streets is, this nigga said this. Man, I dont give a fuck about what that nigga said man. Thats whats wrong with you niggas. You niggas is just like bitches. Ho-ass niggas, talk too motherfuckin much (Speak). Stay to your own, get your own–you know what Im saying? Be independent, nigga
Biatch

Yeah
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch-ass niggas (Beotch)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Yeah, Im talkin about you (Beotch)
Bitch niggas
And you too (Biatch)
Hmm, Dogg

I meet mo bitch niggas than hoes, look here
And I really dont know, but thats just how it go (damn)
Dogg, so many niggas like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (beotch) niggas be talkin shit (nigga)
Smilin in my face and then they blast me in the back (ka-ka-ka-ka-ka)
Niggas stay strapped from way back, cause payback...will
Make niggas wanna pop that shit
If you aint ready for the game (uh-uh) nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (right)
No mo talkn, Im walkin and Im poppin the clip
Glock on the hip, set-trippin, dippin and shit
If you act like a bitch (nigga) nigga you get smacked like a bitch

Bitch niggas, bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
These niggas dont know what the fuck is goin on
Yo Dogg, check it, kick back
Let me holler at these niggas for a minute

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, makin these punk motherfuckers hate it
(Compton) is the city Im from
Cant never leave the crib without a murder wea-pon
Huh, I cant live my life on broke no mo
And most of these fools aint shit but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face, and for what?
They got the game fucked up, and want my thing fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, Im fiendin for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Deuce told me...

These niggas after yo paper, Dr. D-R-E (Wha?)
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, theyll be around, but when yo paper get low
Just like Master P said, There they go, there they go
Bitch niggas, uh-huh

Attention all personnel:
Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and, an–, and, an–an–, and, and lookin hard

Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hella bitch nigga
Yous a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
A bitch nigga

I know yo type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer, my dick be stuck up in yo windpipe
Hmm, youd rather blow me than fight, Im from the old school
Like Romey Rome, homey, yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, been wantin to cap you
Every since you was mad doggin me with that bitch in yo car
Fool, Who do you think you are? Mr. Big Stuff
Man, you shit on Hitt, get yo shit bust, plus
Pistol-whipped, cover it up, use yo bitchs blush
Mr. Powder Puff yo, bark aint loud enough, huh
I know Chihuahuas thats mo rah-rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You dont want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No yous a busta slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimens
A bitch nigga

Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop, stop, stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, schemin and lookin hard
Stop, stop, ah, –op, –op, stop, sch–, sch–, schemin and lookin hard
Stop schemin an–, an–, an–, an–, an–, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and lookin hard
Stop sche–, schemin, and lookin hard
Stop schemin, and, and, and stop schemin, and lookin hard
*Dial tone, dialing, television in background*
Let me call this old bitch, see what this bitch doing
Call this bitch, raggedy-ass, shit, man
Hello?
Whats up?
Nothing, what you doing?
Nothing, just kicking it
Are yall done?
Nah, what you gon do today?
Um, pick up my clothes from the cleaners, I think Ill  go get my nails done
Serious?
Why? Whats up?
Ay, did, did whats-your-name done get at you yesterday?
Who?
Deez nuts!
Aw, shut up, nigga

I wanna ask you one question
If I had some nuts, hanging on the wall, what would I have honey?
I said, Darlin, youd have some walnuts
She said, Well, daddy, if I had some nuts on my chest, would those be chestnuts? I said, Hell yeah
She said, Well daddy if I had nuts under my chin would those be chin-nuts?
I said, Hell no, bitch, youd have a dick in your mouth!

Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
Check game from the notorious Compton G

Back with some shit that gots to bump
As you pull up in the park, you pops your trunk
Just to floss it like a motherfucker, clowning and shit
Got your Danas on your hooptie and your fly-ass bitch
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that ho
If she proper, Ima pop her, the ho hopper
Is back on track
With big money, big nuts and a big fat chronic sack

So Daz, step up on they ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past

Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-R-E, so you know I must be dope
But, uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Starting static with Dre, make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavi
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city Im from
(Long Beach, tic-tac, grab your gat, watch your back)
Here I come, stomping in my khaki suit
B.G. from the hood, kinfolk Eastwood
God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling

But could you raise up off his nuts?
Cause Dr. Drizzaes about to rizzip shit up

Chicky-check, microphone check one
Chicky-check, microphone check two
Chicky-check, microphone check three
Youre tuned to the sounds of the D-R-E

Now check me out, its back to the old school
Where the niggas get they scrap on, dont nobody cap on
Slap on some D-R-E
Or some funky-ass shit by the D-O-double-G-Y D-O-double-G
Real Gs who drop kis
Protect these N-U-Ts, so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
Youll see that its a must I drop gangsta shit (Biatch)
So recognize game from the gangsta
Things will remain the same until I change em

Its real easy to see
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double-G

I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I heard you wanna fuck with Dre
You picked the wrong motherfuckin day
Here we go, toe-to-toe, blow-for-blow
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row
I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
I cant be faded
Im a nigga from the motherfuckin street
Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks

Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after youre done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after youre done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tighter than a motherfucka with the gangsta beats
And we was ballin on the motherfuckin Compton streets
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfuckin pockets was fat
I didnt give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hangin with a white bitch, doing the shit she do
Suckin on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didnt mean nothin
Now shes suing cause shit that she be doing aint shit
Bitch cant hang with the streets, she found herself short
So now she taking me to court
Its real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz

Now as Im rollin with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fuckin hoes, clockin dough, up to no good
We flip-flop and serve hoes like flapjacks
(But we dont love them hoes) Bitch, and its like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash and get your dash on
While youre chillin with your homies and shit
And how my niggas kick the anthem like this (Biatch)

Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after youre done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

To the store to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
So I head down the streets to Long Beach
Just so I could meet a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And Im here, now Im ready to be done up
Nothin but homies around, so I puts my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes, hah
But Im from Tha Pound and we dont love them hoes
How could you trust a ho? (Why?) Cause a hos a trick
I dont love them tricks (Why?) cause a tricks a bitch
And my dicks constantly in her mouth
Turnin them trick-ass hoes the fuck out now

I once had a bitch named Annie Mae
Used to be all in them guts like every day
The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker, lickin the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasnt no good
But Im the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figured niggas wouldnt trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one-time
Im back to the motherfuckin county jail
Six months on my chest, now its time to bail
Uh, I gets released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homie Dr. Dre
Scoop in a coupe, Snoop, we got news
Your girl was trickin while you was draped in your county blues
I aint been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfuckin chin-checkin
Move up the blocks as we groove up the block
See my girls house, Dre, pass the Glock
Kick in the door, I look on the floor
Its my little cousin Daz and hes fuckin my ho, yo
(Bitches aint shit) I un-cock my shit
Im heartbroke but Im still loced, man, fuck a bitch

Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after youre done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after youre done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches aint shit

Ooh, yeah, oh-oh, yeah
I dont give a fuck about a bitch (Bitches aint shit)
But Ill let her know that she cant fade this
Cause Im doin my own thing (Bitches aint shit)
Down with the swang (Sing to these hoes)
Im hangin with Death Row like it aint no thang
I say you know you cant deal (Bitches aint shit, Death Row)
Cause Im a bitch thats real
Motherfuckers need to step back
Hell yeah, they need to chill (Tell these motherfuckers)
Because I dont give a fuck (Bitches aint shit), and I dont give a fuck
And I dont give a fuck, I dont give a fuck (Tell these motherfuckers)
And now I gotta do some—
I gotta do some shit thats clean (Bitches aint shit)
But when Im on the dick, hell yeah, I get real mean, hah
Like a washer machine, I can wash the clothes
All the hoes knows that Im on the flo, ho (Bitches aint shit)
But they cant hang with my type of swang
I aint tryna say I suck every ding-a-lang
But just the juicy ones with the tip of the tongue
And then theyre sprung and with their nuts hung

Bitches aint shit
Where you from nigga?
(Help me!)

What is going on in Compton? I dont understand it.
Well as it relates to this, this is not in my field as the clerk so anything that relates to this, youll probably have to get an answer from Dr. Dre.

I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost
All you niggas the utmost
Would you look over Picassos shoulder
And tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I dont trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cutthroat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Couldve stopped in 86 but I knew that you would want more
Im on the throne in a place some niggas wont go

(Dont get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I aint been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Psst! This is about where Im from
I think its time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (The Pacific), representin
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water

Listen, listen, listen, all you niggas swimming in the info
Go fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin fishes, what the business?)
These niggas wont let up until they all wet up
(Dont get it fucked up!) Naw, nigga!
Now everybody wanna visit tryna re-up that prescription
(That prescription, yep, yeah, re-up)
Thats my nigga, watercolors couldnt even paint the picture
If they dont get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin children)
Im the one that got they ear
Ah, for many years, I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear: My influence run deep like the ocean

(Dont get it fucked up!) Been away from home
But I aint been gone that long
(All they wanna know is: where you from? Where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton!)

Feels like youre drowning, dont you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
Its over, shoulda never jumped in
If you cant swim (If you cant swim, if you cant swim)
Oh my God, wheres a lifeguard when you need one?

Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin that with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasnt thinking bout no rapping, I was juuging for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No policing me, I got the beast in me, I gotta holla
Keep the decency and make them TNT my product
Im a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner city bullet flyin til that bitch on auto pilot
Ah, shit! I dont give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya walking out your parents house
(Dont get it fucked up!) Homie got fucked up
Tryna park his tour bus, not knowing whats what
Or whos who, living in the L.A. County zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof!
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (Boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (Boom, boom, boom)
Thats when I realized banging wasnt for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but hes no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga, this is life in my aquarium

(Dont get it fucked up!) Been away from home
Been away from home all night long
(All they wanna know is: where you from?
Where you from, nigga, huh? Compton)

This is about where Im from
I think its time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at, nigga, down in the deep water

Help me
(Feels like youre drowning)
Im drowning
Help me, help me, help me
Somebody help me
(Shoulda never jumped in
If you, if you cant swim)
Help me
Help me, help me, help me
I cant, I cant breathe
I cant breathe, help
(Wheres a lifeguard when you need one?)
God, please, please help me, please
Please help me, please help...
Please help, please, please...
Aww they say uhh..
.. a black man is a pimp
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
On planet motherfuckin Earth, is her momma
Its her MOMMA that told her
Get a man that got a good job gurl!
Make sure he got a good car gurl!
Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin gurl!
What happened to just fallin in love with a nigga with a bus pass --
-- just cause you love the nigga?
But Im the pimp motherfucker!
I gotta be the player!
Biggest hoes, on planet Earth..
.. are walkin through the motherfuckin neighborhood
You KNEW when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You knew he already had a family
But you fucked him anyway!!!
And then when you thought you gon lose the nigga
You went and got pregnant - didnt you bitch, DIDNT YOU!!
THE OL KEEP A NIGGA BABY
And then when the nigga aint around, what do you tell the child?
Aww that nigga aint shit, thats why yo daddy aint here;
Cause that nigga aint shit.
How bout bein a woman, and tellin the kid the truth
That yo momma, you was a ho!
TELL THE KID!
Momma was a ho, I was weekend pussy
I had you to keep the nigga, it didnt work out
Thats why he aint here - but he a good nigga
Cause he take care of his REAL family
I was just a dumb bitch, tryin to keep, a nigga that I wanted
For the love of money
For the love of money
For the love of money

Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane
Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane

Say Whats up to the broke nigga at the rich party (Woo!)
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do it look like I give a fuck? Sorry (Yeah!)
Looking at these hoes
And they gold-digger-gorgeous tryna get me (Woo!)
I run game on a bitch
In one Mississippi, two Mississippi (Yeah!)
Flint nigga in the spot
til they pop one and the cops come like (Woo!)
Motherfuckers own a shotgun
Like a pop gun and they ready like (Yeah!)
Civic good nigga
Im a Northside nigga til Im gone (Woo!)
Do it for the ones in the hood
Like Connor gon put the city on (Wait!)
Fuck that shit, nigga, fuck that shit, go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I aint got shit but I still feel good
Nigga cant take what a nigga dont got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell em post up
Homie in the hood like Let me hold something
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil buddy froze up
All they be talkin but aint saying nothing
Niggas be talking that aint what they want
Aint no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this shit, I aint giving a fuck
You loving the bitch, she get hit in the truck
You think this sound crazy, thats how I grew up
So this for my people who still in the cut

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get it, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

Say Whats up to the nigga
Wearing all black at the white party (Woo!)
And Im looking like I dont give a fuck
Thats just how I get down nigga, sorry (Yeah!)
And Im looking like I dont play no games
Nah, nigga dont try me (Woo!)
Been that nigga thats spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfuckin hobby (Yeah!)
If youre on that bullshit nigga
Better fly that shit right by me (Woo!)
Came from the bottom of this bitch
And made it out of that shit and thats why we (Yeah!)
On top of this motherfuckin world
Damn, look at that body (Woo!)
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me (Yeah!)
Bend it over, end of story

Seems like chasing papers whats important to you
Got a relationship with that money
But that bitch will never be faithful to you
Even though I know she knows she crazy
Please just let it go, seize, no saving you
Ride, ride til the motherfuckin wheels fall off in this bitch
But we can do it for the love
But Im never stopping my poppin
These numbers dont lie, but your love is superficial
Its the simple shit you need to pay attention to

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh

Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane
Its beautiful outside
Looks like its raining money, mane

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane, oh (get it, get, I said)
I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mane
Yall know me, still the same OG
But I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no Gs
No wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles and no skis
Mad at me ‘cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and its all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did yall think Ima let my dough freeze?
Ho, please!
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-Es, Ice Cubes, and D.O.C.s
The Snoop D-O-double-Gs
And the group that said, Motherfuck the police!
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales werent doin too good
Whos the Doctor they told you to go see?
Yall better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop or The Firm flopped
Yall are the reason that Dre aint been gettin no sleep
So fuck yall, all of yall!
If yall dont like me, blow me!
Yall are gon keep fuckin around with me and turn me back to the old me

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walkin by
With a Walkman on, when I caught a guy
Gave me an awkward eye (Chu lookin at?)
And strangled him up in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I dont give a fuck if its dark or not
Im harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When Im drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hoppin out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch! Call the cops!
Ima kill you and them loud-ass motherfuckin barkin dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt-down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still werent found out (Right here!)
So from here on out, its the Chronic II
Startin today and tomorrows anew
And Im still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Chicka-chicka-chicka Slim Shady
Hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Callin men ladies
Sorry Doc, but I been crazy
Theres no way that you can save me
Its okay, go with him, Hailie (Dada?)

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

If it was up to me, you motherfuckersd stop
Comin up to me with your hands out
Lookin up to me like you want somethin free
When my last CD was out, you werent bumpin me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me
Like it was some disease, but you wont get a crumb from me
‘Cause Im from the streets of C-Compton! (Compton!)
I told em all
All em little gangstas, who you think helped mold em all?
Now you wanna run around talkin bout guns like I aint got none
What, you think I sold em all
‘Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off
What, ‘cause I been in the lab
With a pen and a pad tryin to get this damn label off?
I aint havin that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It aint gon be nothin after that
So give me one more platinum plaque
And fuck rap, you can have it back
So wheres all the Mad Rappers at?
Its like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddlin a Cabbage Patch

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
But nothin comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Hah, yeah
Hell yeah
Hah, know what Im saying?
Yeah

Mista Busta, where the fuck you at?
Cant scrap a lick, so I know you got your gat
Your dick on hard from fuckin your road dogs
The hoods you threw up with, niggas you grew up with
Dont even respect your ass
Thats why its time for the doctor to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homie, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out ya mouth
Make ya bow down to the Row
Fuckin me, now Im fuckin you, lil ho
Oh, dont think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah, its me so Ima talk on
Stomping on the easiest streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G., cause you lost all your homies love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked with me, now its a must that I fuck with you

You better raise up
Yeah, thats what the fuck Im talkin about
We have your mothafuckin record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You know what Im sayin? Punk motherfucker
We want Eazy! We want Eazy! We want Eazy!

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Doggs in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Rows in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy?
It seems like youre good for making jokes about your jimmy
Well, heres a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was a Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, Im talking about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasnt vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg? Oh, is he crazy?
With your mama and your daddy hollering Baby!
So wont they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre, nigga, youre fuckin wit Death Row
And I aint even swangin them thangs
Im hollerin 187 with my dick in your mouth, biatch

Yeah, nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit, get your motherfuckin cranium cracked, nigga, step on up
Now, we aint no motherfuckin joke, so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R
Yeah, motherfucker (The shit done hit the fan)

Now understand this, my nigga Dre cant be touched
Lukes bending over so Lukes getting fucked, buster
Mustve thought I was sleazy
Or thought I was a mark cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made you speak what you spoke (Yeah)
Ayo, Dre (What up?) Chip this nigga off, loc
If it aint another ho that I gots to fuck with
Gap teeth in your mouth so my dicks gots to fit
With my nuts on your tonsils
While youre on stage rappin at your wack-ass concert
And Ima snatch your ass from the backside
And show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
Cause Ima rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gonna creep to South Central
On a street knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryna check my homie, you best check yourself
Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, motherfucker (Yeah, nigga)

So I dont want no dilapidated, two-faced, pigeon-toed, bow-legged, cross-eyed son of a gun fuckin with me (Fuckin with me)
Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre droppin chronic once again
It dont stop
Punishin punk motherfuckers real quick-like
Compton style, nigga
Doggy Doggs in the motherfuckin house
Yeah, Long Beach is in the motherfuckin house
Yeah, yeah, straight up
Really, though
Breaking all them suckas off something real proper-like
You know what Im sayin?
All them sucka-ass niggas can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E, Eazy-E, Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick
Yeah (Yeah)
Hi, baby
I know youre under a lot of pressure at your work and all
And I do understand
You have no idea how much I understand
But you also dont have any idea how much I love you
I love you so much
I think about you I feel you in my arms
I miss you... I miss you terribly
Ive just always wanted someone like you in my life
I love you so much that Id do anything
Id do anything
Ill be your perfect woman for you

I just wanna fuck bad bitches
For all them nights I never had bitches
Now Im all up in that ass, bitches
Mad at your boyfriend, aint cha?
Youse a bad girl, gotta spank ya
And gotta thank ya for that head clinic
Explicit, hella photogenic
And tell your friends where the dicks at
Where they can get hit and wont get back to they soulmate
Before you kiss em, use Colgate
She swallowed it, yeah, the bitch took the whole eight
And ran with it, then let Mel-Man hit it
And Hittman hit it; damn, bitches
Man, this is what Im talkin bout
Chicken head, chicken fed, with a dick in your mouth
Out and about with your nigga like it never took place
(AirTouch me) Next time you need a taste

I just wanna fuck you
No touchin and rubbin, girl
Youve got a husband who loves you
Dont need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We cant be kissin and huggin, girl
Youve got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time

You got the number, its on you to make the call
You know I come quick, help you redecorate your walls
Cut your backyard, don’t have to act hard to get the cock
And if Im going too far, I take it out and wipe it off
And put it back up, and keep going
You tryin to hide it from your husband, but I know he be knowin
That your pussys been tampered with
Did you show him that new trick
Of how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
You be workin it like a dancer, bitch; its hard on me
Not to give you all of my time that you wanted
You can give me some head, but keep the breakfast in bed
Id rather spend my morning diggin through some records instead
But tonight, I guess itd be aight if we can touch bases
Hook up somewhere and exchange some Fuck Faces
I know your mans looking for ya, hes always trying to run ya
Dont worry bout me handcuffin, girl, cause I just wanna

Fuck witchu on the sneak tip, on some creep shit
So whatcha gon do, you freak bitch?
You acting like you dont do dicks
Thats the kinda bitch I hate fuckin with
Baby was a virgin, thats what she said
So I gave her some Hennessy, she gave me some head
I fucked her on the floor so I wouldnt mess up my bed
Then Lil ½ Dead put his dick on her head
Take that bitch home and give her a bone
And give her the number to my cellular phone
Now shes blowin up my pager, the shits gettin major
A favor for a favor, this dick is what I gave her
Somethin to go by and bitches know why
Stuff dick in they mouth and then Im out (See ya!)
24/7, Dre, Snoop and Devin
We servin these hoes and never lovin these hoes, biatch

I just wanna fuck you
No touchin and rubbin, girl
Youve got a husband who loves you
Dont need you all in mine
I just wanna fuck you
We cant be kissin and huggin, girl
Youve got a husband who loves you
You need to give him your quality time
Stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Murder, murder, ha
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
Its murder, its murder
Murder, murder (Murder)

Murda dem down, kill em dead (Yo!)
Bullet to the dome, to the head
Murda dem down, kill a yout
Don fi pull up on di man and
(Turn me up!) What it look like?
See, murda dem down, kill em dead (Yo!)
Bullets come down from the air
Murda dem down, kill a yout
Don fi pull up on di man and
(Turn me up!) What it look?

Theres the stone cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Its murder, its murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
Its murder, its murder
Murder, murder (Murder)
Its been a 187 in this bitch!

Murder this, murder listen, hear that Suburban whippin?
Tinted windows, right at your wifey (Brrrat!)
And I bet you miss her
Reload the Pro Tools and we throw the clip in both trays
Thats one on the left and one in the right hand
Scottie Pippen, both ways
Been doin drive-bys
Got this music industry timeline lookin like Rosecrans
When these niggas throw up them signs high
Im talking about that bottom, where its high crimes
Shit, I’m just tryna get paid and keep them thighs high (Thighs high)
Sometimes, I feel like I could just bury ‘em, bury em
Cause delirium, mass hysteria, no scarier area
Im very aware hip-hop needed something to carry it
So I married that bitch and swung down in that chariot
And you way too fuckin close, beware the barrier
This is Hub City, nigga, dont make us embarrass you
Man, you should be realistic, these niggas round here ballistic
We did the numbers, and you looking like another statistic

Theres the stone-cold killers in these Compton streets
One hand on the 9, all eyes on me
Murder, murder
Its murder, its murder
Call 9-1-1, emergency
Hands up in the air for the world to see
Its murder, its murder
Murder, murder (Murder)

(Ahh, shit!) Recognize what live inside these eyes
Ima ride until the dead has risen
Live in a project building, dodging the module ceilings
I ride, Ima ride in a stolen Jeep
Ride with the eyes of five blind men, my vision (Corrupted)
Mama tried counseling, five plans for Kendrick (But fuck it)
My family ties had sabotaged Rosecrans existence (Abducted)
My aliens on surveillance, they paid me a visit (Disgusting)
Our stadiums packed, Raiders in black
Curls dripping, silver bullet, palladium in my strap
I lie on the side of a one-way street (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
Nowhere to go, death all I can see (Blow-blow-blow-blow!)
I say Fuck is up? I fuck em up
Your suppers up, and somethings up
I hope he no can walk the tightest rope before the double-dutch
Broke plenty records with this weapon, I protect it under oath
My discretion, fuck your blessing, fuck your life, fuck your hope
Fuck your mama. fuck your daddy, fuck your dead homie
Fucked the world up when we came up, thats Compton, homie!

Murder, murder
Murder... murder
Its all murder... murder
Ahh!

Murder, murder
Murder, murder
Its been a 187 in this bitch!
Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you cant make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a mans best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you cant make a ho a housewife (Wife)

I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip
(Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty
You pimpin strong, but comin home to sheets that be filthy
She on the dillzy, I take advantage
All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish
Im mannish, get yo nails out my back
Slut, Im bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo cat (Get the fuck out of here)
Learn the player rules, this is how a player do
Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes
Dollar signs are folded, I cant control it
Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded
She sweatin me, wont let me, broad turned fraud
Now she on this dick, huh, got her turnin tricks, huh
Man, its a trip, I dont trip, Im in yo Lexus flexin
I left her up in Dallas, Texas, ass naked

Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you cant make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a mans best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you cant make a ho a housewife (Wife)

Naw, ho aint short for honey, almost had to wail her like Bunny
Tellin tales of bein pregnant, catchin Nordstrom sales with abortion money
I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her
Now we got beef, he caught up in the hos erotica
Exotic, shes psychotic, rockin his Nautica
Soon hell need antibiotics (Sucka bitch)
Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody
You be like, Damn, how could she hit me off with chlamydia?
Fool, I pity ya
We live in the city of ballers
With more bounce and in a Zapp, she will doo wa ditty ya
The prettier the grittier, the wittier can get her
To the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like Rico
Thats when I caught a Vision like Coleco
A high-post ho, a perfect way for me to keep dough
Huh, have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave and Pico

At the hotel, motel, or the Holiday Inn (Say what, nigga?)
I said if that bitch keep fuckin up (Beotch) then well fuck her friends
I said I dip, dive, what can I say?
Niggas need to stop fuckin with O.J
Some niggas bang Blood, some niggas bang Crip
And bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks
I had a dream of hoes, I had to screen my hoes
I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes
Lil Almond Joy, I truly enjoy
If you blew my balls right through my drawers
Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot
From the way she was blowin, I know she does it a lot
I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters
The ho started callin when I started boss ballin
Gimme some head, gimme some ass (Uh-huh)
Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz
Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate
See hoes eat dick like eggs and steak
It aint shit new, I thought you knew (What?)
I knew you would, you wish you could
Break a G down, break me down
But Ima see you on the rebound (What what?), D.P. style

Now this, this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you cant make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a mans best friend
So what? You found you a ho that you like
But you cant make a ho a housewife (Wife)

Half-dead
Lil Half-dead the one who jumped out to see ol Snoop Dogg on lookout boys
Hes going to be more than half dead if he dont fill my motherfucking drink up
Ill fill your motherfucking mouth up
Hahahahaha
I dont think so
Im about to lose my mind
Youve been gone for so long
Im runnin out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

I told the world, one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it
So that one day I could play it back
But I dont even know if I believe it when Im sayin that
Doubts startin to creep in, every day, its just so gray and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that, cause no one sees my vision
When I play it for em, they just say its wack
But they dont know what dope is
And I dont know if I was awake or asleep when I wrote this
All I know is, you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breathed new life in me, I owe my life to you
But for the life of me, I dont see why you dont see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son
Demons fightin you, its dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you
I dont think you realize what you mean to me
Not the slightest clue
Cause me and you were like a crew, I was like your sidekick
You gon either wanna fight when I get off this fuckin mic
Or you gon hug me, but Im outta options
Theres nothin else I can do cause—

Im about to lose my mind
Youve been gone for so long
Im runnin out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas
You say theyre just pieces, so Im puzzled
Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But youre either gettin lazy or you dont believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Cant make a decision, you keep questionin yourself
Second guessin and its almost like youre beggin for my help
Like Im your leader, youre supposed to fuckin be my mentor
I can endure no more, I demand you remember who you are
It was you who believed in me when everyone was tellin you
Dont sign me, everyone at the fuckin label, lets tell the truth
You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy
Dre, Im cryin in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe its my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I aint givin up faith, and you aint givin up on me
Get up, Dre, Im dyin, I need you
Come back, for fucks sake, cause—

Im about to lose my mind
Youve been gone for so long
Im runnin out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
They said they was ridin to the death
But where the fuck are they now, now that I need them?
I dont see none of them, all I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
Fuckin backstabbers
When the chips were down, you just laughed at us
Now you bout to feel the fuckin wrath of Aftermath, faggots
You gon see us in our lab jackets and ask where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
And the crackers ass, little cracker jack beat
Makin wack math, backwards producers; Im back, bastards
One more CD and then Im packin up my bags
And as Im leavin, Ill guarantee theyll scream:
Dre, dont leave us like that, man, cause—

Im about to lose my mind
Youve been gone for so long
Im runnin outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Compton was the American dream. Sunny California with a palm tree in the front yard, the camper, the boat. Temptingly close to the Los Angeles ghetto in the 50s and 60s, it became The Black American Dream. Open housing paved the way as middle-class blacks flooded into the city. Whites dont buy houses in Compton anymore. Now with 74% of the population, black power is the fact of life. From banks to bowling alleys. But the dream that many blacks thought they were buying has turned sour. Though the mayor and four out of five city councilmen are black, they have been unable to solve the problems of crime and growing welfare which is slowing turning suburban Compton into an extension of the black inner city. Crime is now as high as the ghetto. 47 homicides last year gave Compton one of the highest per capita rates in the country. Juvenile gang activity, muggings, small robberies make some blacks want to leave
From close range we official
Cocaine, money and pistols
Goddammit I got issues
Cant be serious
(Alright now here we go)
Where my city at?
Fuck with me, come on
I know youre feelin that
Fuck with me, come on
You know Im really that
Fuck with me, come on
Come on, come on
Dont even act like I aint bout my business
Mothafucka come on!
Come on, come on
Full clip, ammunition
You dont wanna deal with these fuckin consequences

Fuckboys should tighten up a whole lot
I got some niggas with me down for runnin up in your spot
And these niggas got hatchets and ratchets
Some of them lethals up under the mattress
And matter of fact this is a chance to show my lifestyle out to the masses
But chances are I might get another negative reaction
Think Im a fraction, but I fucks em up like battery acid
I gives a fuck what you think, nigga? This is my passion
Survive through the time, you know my name, you know my reputation
You know what it is, I dont need to give no explanation
When you say my fuckin name, add exclamation
Los Angeles king now, make your bitch bring crowns
To me and Dre, you dont like it, you can lay
Think Im quiet cause Im actin, but my bank account gon say Fuck you!
Respected from SoCal out to the Bay
Cashed a lot of checks this mornin, guess today was a good day

Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin
And the sleepers will join the fallen

But this is what the fuck is up, doin this for my city
Comp-town, Hub, this my fuckin committee
Shout out to Dub C, real nigga been with me
C-Walkin on these niggas with a crease in them Dickies
You know how many nights I heard them sparks echo in the park?
Around this time I was spinnin records at Eve After Dark
My city crazy, school girls used to play with that chalk
Same chalk police used to outline niggas we lost
You understand what Im sayin? Shit is crazy, man
Fuck the money, yo this shit could never change me, man
These new niggas in this bitch could never phase me, man
I know its strange but on some real shit its plain as day
I’m just havin some fuckin fun with this rap shit
Nigga with an attitude, still gettin active
Man this industry to me, it feels a little plastic
I aint heard nothin that I can consider classic, ugh
But this is for my niggas who been runnin with me
And everybody in this bitch thats out there gunnin for me
And I got love for my people that stay one hundred with me
Ima keep it A1, been that way since day one

Now I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin
And the sleepers will join the fallen
(And the sleepers will join the fallen)
So I lay me down
And wake up to gunshots in this crazy town
Good mornin
(And the sleepers will join the fallen)

Drama make it cinematic (Yeah)
All I think about is makin classics
Tragic, massive, for the masses
This how you make a motherfuckin classic (Classic)

This is where I leave you
Carry you
In the city of Compton
This is where I leave you
Carry you
Down the Pacific Coast
This is where I leave you
And all your issues
Family problems, it aint easy handling those needs
(Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do)
Baby mama drama, I just need a little time to go to sleep
(Damn, only if I had a little time for me)
Record company motherfuckers asking me when Im gonna release
(Im under pressure homie, so much pressure on me)
And my homies on my back
About me helping them get up off them streets
(I mean what the fuck?)

And it all falls back on me
(I said it all falls down)
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, its on me
(No matter where we are its on me)
If it was up to you thats just the way its always gon be
(Listen to me)

Its kind of funny how they fall back on me
I used to never get a call back, homie
Before the money they didnt see me
Like its dark and its all black, homie
But now they switching cause the card black, homie
It wasnt always that way, we was recording on the 4-track, homie
New apartment, no fridge, no mattress, no table, no cable
And all I hear is my girl in my ear
And this nigga Eazy asking for his car back, homie
I wouldve never saw this happening from that far back, homie
What it came to be, would have never believed
Living the life I lived in C-P-T
A motherfucking dream to reality is what you call that, homie
Yeah, it was something to me
No eat, no sleep, wasnt nothing to me
Cant always be how you want it to be
And Im the one that they looking up to
Fuck they expecting from me?

And it all falls back on me
(I said it all falls down)
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, its on me
(No matter where we are its on me)
If it was up to you thats just the way its always gon be
(Listen to me)

Thats just the way it is, and how it always was
DJing parties in my neighborhood just for the love
Dope dealers overtipping and bitches stripping
And any minute niggasll start tripping and start shooting shit
On any given day Im like what the fuck?
Face down on the pavement with the billy clubs
Took that feeling to the studio and cued it up
And now its Fuck the Police all up in the club
Now its 91 and Snoop Dogg came to visit and was like
What up cuz? Let me show you what this chronic like
Couldnt help myself, just had to dip into that chronic life
And then that night came in when that nigga Knight came in
(Woo!) This one of those dreams you dont wake up from
Then again, you dont sleep if you come from where I come from
Where the sun shines and they bust nines, no 9 plus 1-1
When they run up on your school bus with a tool tucked
You might learn something

And it all falls back on me
Somehow, it all falls back on me
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, its on me
If it was up to you thats just the way its always gon be
Yeah, what up, this is Dr. Dre
The partys goin on
Thank God its Friday

(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)

Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

Hey you! Sittin over there
Say what?
(You better get up out of your chair)
Thats right
(And work your body down)
Yeah
(No time to funk around, cause we gon)
Funk you right on up
So get up: get a move on and get your groove on
Its the D-R-E the spectacular
In a party I go for your neck, so call me Blacula
As I drain a niggas jugular vein
And maintain to leave blood stains, so dont complain
Just chill, listen to the beats I spill
Keeping it real enables me to make another mil
Still, niggas run up and try to kill at will
But get popped like a pimple: so call me Clearasil
I wipe niggas off the face of the Earth since birth
Ive been a bad nigga, now let me tell you what Im worth
More than a stealth bomber, I cause drama
The enforcer, music floats like a flying saucer
Or a 747 jet, never forget
Im that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet
The mic gets smoked once you hear the beat kick
With grooves so funky, they come with a Speed Stick
So check the flavor that Im bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

1, 2 for the crew, 3, 4 for the dough
5 for the hoes (hoes!) 6, 7, 8 for Death Row
Mad niggas about to feel the full effect of intellect
So I can collect respect - plus a check
Now I fin to get into my mental
Will take care of this business I need to attend to cause my rents due
And this rap shits my meal ticket
So you god damn right: Im gonna kick it or get evicted
I bring terror like Stephen King
A black Casanova, running niggas over like Christine
When I rock the spot with the flavor I got
I get plenty of ass, so call me an ass-tronaut
As I blast past another niggas ass that thought he was strong
But I smoke him like grass, just like Cheech and Chong
When I flow, niggas know its time to take a hike
Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke
I got rhymes to keep you enchanted
Produce a smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
So check the flavor that Im bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

Debonair with flair, I scare wear and tear
Without a care, running shit as if I was a mayor
But I aint no politician, no competition
Sending all opposition to see a mortician
Im up front, never in the backdrop
Step on stage and get faded just like a flat-top
Your rhyme sounds like you bought em at Stop n Go
Dre came to wax you, so just call me Mop n Glow
Many tried to, but just cant rock with
Im 61, 225, Im pure chocolate
Your chances of jacking me are slim, G
Cause I rock from summer until Santa comes down the chimney
Ho ho ho, and so, as I continue to flow
Cause yo, Im just a fly negro
So, check the flavor that Im bringin
The motherfuckin D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin heads ringin

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their motherfuckin heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Yeah, uh, come on!

If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down
If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

I know youre bobbin your head
Cause I can see you
I know youre bobbin your head
Cause I can see you
You cant see me!
Death Row, let me know you in the house (Beyotch!)
Yeah, thats right, we out
Hold up, wait a minute (Uh-huh, I see)
Let me put some kush up in it (Breathe with me now)
Hold up, wait a minute (I see)
Let me put some kush up in it (Breathe with me now)
Hold up, wait a minute (I see)
Let me put some kush up in it (Breathe with me now)
Hold up, wait a minute (Yeah)
Let me put some kush up in it (Yeah, yeah)

Now, this that puff, puff, pass shit, Cheech and Chong glass shit
Blunts to the head, kush pillows, no mattress
Speedboat traffic, bitches automatic
Cross that line, fuck around and get your ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking molasses
Probably wont pass it, smoke it til the last hit
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre, 3001, another classic (One, one, one)
Go ahead, ask em— bitches bout how I be smoking out
(Party all night) Oh, yeah, its goin down
Order rounds, we smoke a quarter pound of that good stuff
Oh yeah, we smokin all night
Yeah, puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga, better than my last batch
Caramel complexion and her ass fat

Inhale, exhale
Inhale, exhale, whoa

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have you leanin sideways (Whoa, oh)
Take a whiff of this, suicide
Holla at me, ‘cause I got it all day (Yeah, ayy)
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja, we can get the same thing
You want the bomb-bomb-diggy?
Holla at my niggy right here in L.A.
Inhale (L.A.), exhale (L.A.)
Inhale (L.A.), exhale

Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

Hmm! Still, I am
Tighter than the pants on will.i.am
Black throwback Steeler hat, pound in my backpack
Next to where the Swishers at, smoking presidential
Got some bubba, Ill give you that, need it for my cataracts
Four hoes and Im the pimp in my Cadillac (Where my money, bitch?)
You can tell them Cali back; matter-fact, theyll know
This aint dro, get a whiff of that
No, it aint no seeds in my sack, you aint never gotta ask, dog
What he smokin on? Shit, kush til my mind gone
What you think Im on? Eyes low, Im blown
High as a motherfucker, yeah, aint no questions bout it
Niggas say, Smoke me out, yeah, I really doubt it
Im Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded
So if you want it, you know your nigga, homie
You can put it in a Zag or a blunt and get blunted

Inhale, exhale
Inhale, exhale, whoa (Yessir)

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have you leanin sideways (Whoa, oh)
Take a whiff of this, suicide
Holla at me, ‘cause I got it all day (Yeah, ayy)
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the ganja, we can get the same thing
You want the bomb-bomb-diggy?
Holla at my niggy right here in L.A.
Inhale (L.A.), exhale (L.A.)
Inhale (L.A.), exhale

Need that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no joke, make your ass choke
Hold up, wait a minute, you can go put it back
‘Cause what you got in your sack, boy, it aint that
Need that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no joke, make your ass choke
Inhale, exhale
Inhale, exhale
Biatch!
Eeeh, whappen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So whappen Dre, tell em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh

Creepin down the back street on Ds
I got my Glock cocked cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 tryin to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas comin like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker, Im Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So wont you just walk on by? Cause Im too hard to lift
And no, this aint Aerosmith
Its the motherfuckin D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhymin spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, cause if it dont stop
Ill have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
Cause Im—

Rollin in my six-four
What all the niggas sayin?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Just another motherfuckin day for Dre, so Ill begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
Its just that gangsta glare with gangsta raps
That gangsta shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfuckin streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on Ds, hittin the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now Im smellin like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, its your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah

Rollin in my six-four
What all the bitches sayin?

Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfuckin bitches sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what Im sayin?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now Im just flossin
Checkin my rearview cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Tryin to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I dont represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynchin, but I just watch em hang
So on and so on, why dont you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didnt nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peepin out they window when they hear me beatin up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
Thats what they say every single motherfuckin day
Yo, but I aint trippin, Im just kickin it
While my Ds keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin Ill be—

Rollin in my six-four
What everybody sayin?

Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody sayin?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon fuck
All these niggas and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon fuck

Talking that, walking that, spittin at hoes
Smoking this, drinking that, gettin at hoes
Fuck this Im hitting that Im hitting em both
Have one riding dick, one licking my toes
When Im loving these hoes there aint no love involved
No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bare britches
Rare bitches like them hoes in them Black Tail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick
(Is that Dre over there?)

Yeah, I just took some Ecstasy
Aint no telling what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
Plus I got this bad bitch laying next to me
No doubt, sat back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out

Come on lets get high, high
Lets get high, high
Come on lets get high, high
Lets get high, all my ladies
Lets get high, high
High, high
Lets get high, high
Come on lets get high

I make the four hop
Pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my Gd up apparel
Stomping in the party
Kurupt, Young Gotti
Im fucking something in this bitch
Hit em with some gangsta shit
Put something in your mouth bitch real tasty
Im looking real saucy in my gangsta-ass Stacys
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an
Got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncing
Bouncing

Yo, whattup, Scruncho?
Mel-Man. whats cracking?
Wassup wit all these ol punk ass hoes in here?

Nigga what, Im a hustling bitch
I like them get rich niggas
Them hit the switch niggas
Niggas bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
While Im kicking my game and collecting them checks
Got all yall niggas vexed to fuck this triple-X rated ho
You say you aint eat it, you ate it though
And uh, Roq dont stop, cant be dropping no drawers
To the niggas how you figure got you shitting in yours
Yeah, little dicks always running they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what Im talkin about
Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt
Trying to live lavy, marry a big dick and stay cavi
Holla back at them niggas that hollered at me
Pop the Cris
Whip the six and shit
And have all yall niggas limp when I twist my shit

Yeah, bitch ass niggas
Hey, yo, whassup?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some chronic witchu?
(Nigga, what? Fo sho!
Roll that shit up!)

Hell yeah, still always into something
Heart still in Compton
The comp cant oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs, that dont love hoes
And Firm Fiascoes—assholes
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
Doing a tango
And cash, always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feedin me mangoes, the other lightin my hash
Rap tabloids write Dres light in the ass (What?)
Came home uptight, ready to mash
Like a gas pedal, get on that 64 Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre aint ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
Cause we rebels over here, I smell chronic in the air
That means we takin over this year
You hear?

Chronic, 2000
One!
That means we takin over this year, ya hear?

Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?

I hang among hustlers, that slang and Hoo-bang Bronson
When bustaz roll through, cant fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
Cause gangbangin is the active, activity
Where I be livin, B, there aint no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat, dont let them catch you
Slippin, without yours, its warfare outdoors
Ambulance, violent uproars
Trash niggas takin out like chores
I meet whores on tours
Jeanie`s hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores
B on some hardcore, pornographic
Toting Austrian firearms thats made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like Lebanon
Makin fools Retreat! like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream on stars
That get loot then crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son, thats how I came to bougie niggas
At Bar One, its either that or make front page stardom
Im the Golden Child, chased by Sardo Numpsay
But Gods my bulletproof, its hard to shoot me, you hear?
By the time you see him *Two gun shots*
That means its real fuckin hard to shoot me, you hear?

Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?
—so, all of you Africans
All of you Africans that know how to do things thats working for other people
Yall need to open your own business
Save your money, quit paying motherfuckers for jheri curls
Quit paying motherfuckers for perms
Save your money, start your own business
So these little Africans will have wa— places to work
This is our future right here!
This our future right here! (Right there)
This— (The new generation is goin! The new generation!)
Hey, Ima tell you right now
If— If— If I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future, Im a dead motherfucker! (You right! Respect!)

Wake up, jumped out my bed
Im in a two man cell with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?
Im only eighteen, so Im a young buck
Its a riot, if I dont scrap, Im getting stuck
But thats the life of a G, I guess
Eses way deep, shanked two in the chest
Best run cause brothers is dropping quicker
Uh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Getting that rep as a young hog
It aint nothing like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank, cause aint no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time

Them say me grow up to be nothing
Look at me now and tell me what you see
I am what I am, its only me
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Now Im holding a dub, sitting on swoll
27 years old, up for parole, stroll
Im back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That Ill be making soon as I touch the streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right
But it aint no thang to me
Cause now Im what they call a loced-assed OG
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with cause Im down to set trip
Nigga, Im bigger than you, so what you wanna do?
Didnt know he had a twenty-two
Straight sitting behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didnt understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess thats what I get (For what?)
For trying to jack the little homies for they grip

Me learn many things from what me see from the street
The outcome of what Ive come to be
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

Something for the real OGs to get with
Some facts, made our made, now you runnin but dont play
Like every single day, really, though
You know me, Im the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie
No needing being calm if you pack right
And learning just enough to keep your sack right
Late nights, I wonder what they getting for?
Early morning on the corners, what they hitting for?
Seven young Gs put they serve down
In a G ride, east sides where they swerve now
Not thinking about whats really going on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone
I spent four years in the county with nothing but convicts around me
But now Im back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think its wrong but we tend to think its right
So make all them ends you can make
Cause when youre broke, you break, check it out
So aint no need for your mama to trip
Cause yous a hustlin-ass youngsta, clocking your grip

Now me finally grown as you can see, still an OG
For life and always remain to be
A little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
Whatcha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?
All my life, Ive been down to ride
So I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and what between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin real life

You know where the fuck Im from
From that muthafuckin legendary
From the city where them niggas load clips in fast
And get stabbed at homeroom shouldve skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gangbangin out the window hollering lets ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas dont know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life
You never die, you never die
Im in that motherfuckin one for a minute now
All yall lil niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, Im the one thats killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle

Cold 187um
Know its been a minute since you heard from us
Still were untouchable murderers
R.I.P to KMG, I still got a murder rap
And dont give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin I walk in the building
I just give a fuck where the money at
Im Jordan and Jackson, the coach and the player
They trust me its only just one of them
Im callin them shots and makin the plays
If you get a trade, better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta, yall testin my patience
Got me feelin so anxious, I be lookin so facetious
Feel like running a caper

Wait, hold up I got next! What up, X?

Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and Im dressed like a spy
Black tux, on you fucks
And guess what? Im ready to (blow, yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin off the neighbors, scrapin, bumpin in the driveway
Cube gave me the pistol
Told me to kill at will and (blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldnt give a fuck) Literally
Cashed out just livin to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of em? Send them to me
While Im just over here cozy holdin these double Ds
She book smart with pornographic abilities
Well I ,dont know what you know, but I know
I got that shit!
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck em!
Thats why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitch niggas from runnin their mouth
Its bout time somebody said something

One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
Im ready to die, I cant control this fuckin anger
Ah shit, somebody better fuckin stop me
Cause Im a loose cannon that cant stand myself
Im bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else
(Fuck em!)
I swear to God, Imma do it, back the fuck up, Imma do it
I swear to God, Imma lose it

Baby, baby! What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down! Really? Are you doin this shit to me again?
Oh my God
You is so fucked up for this
Fuck It
*Gun cocks*
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Okay, Im sorry! What the fuck? Dont point the fuckin gun at me! Okay, put the fuckin gun down! No, no, no, no!!
*Gun shot*
Alright, I got the legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits, man
Shut the fuck up, I got it
What the, what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit, matter of fact you know what? You gon dig the fuckin hole this time
I dont give a fuck, like its the first fuckin hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I dont know, ask fuckin Charles Manson right here
Oh, oh, youre tryna be funny? Youre really fuckin tryna be funny right now?
Shh, shh, shut your ass up
This is bad. This is, this is fucking bad man. Fuck it, lets start digging
This should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential area

Now Ima kick up dust as I begin to bust
On the wick-wack, fucked up suckers you cant trust
When I kick up, I lick up, your face get smacked up
When I rack up, so all you mothafuckas just pack up
Or get slapped with the swiftness
If you think youre swift with the gift, Merry Christmas
Now stuff that in your stockin
Im knockin em out the box and
Knockin em out their socks and cause Robin is rockin
Breakin em down to the slab
Takin em down on their ass
Now what you wanna do? Ya wanna battle? Uh
Send you up shit creek without a motherfuckin paddle
Rattle that brain, Im not the same old plain Jane
Roll on you like a boulder, youre nothin more than a grain
Or a pebble, take it from the real rap rebel
Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to that other level
You think you got pull? Then pull it, uh
I got the trigger so I figure youll bite the bullet
Then bite the dust and wipe the fuss
Do what I must, and what I must is bust
A bubble or two, some trouble for you
So skip to my Luger, Lady of Rage is comin through

Some cool shit
Some cool shit
Boo-ya, spittin out buckshots

I fears no one, I makes em cool off like the polar cap
Clenchin as the hits misses the rollers back
Pushin packs to make a profit
Diggy dope duck on the topic, so stop and give me my props, kid
Im livin large like a fat bitch
So get back, bitch, Im hard to bogart so the fact is
This young black kid a mercenary, merciless
Murderin millions of niggas, so whos first to diss?
They say Im bad, so youll find none worse than this
Chewin motherfuckers up like a Hersheys Kiss
Put to sleep, loving the lyrics I leave in the minds of each
Rough when flex, too complex, wrecks your mental piece
So feel the wrath, nigga, I rip in half, niggas
Youre quick to talk shit, I whoop your ass, nigga
Then watch me blast, nigga, cause Im the last nigga
You wanna fuck wit, so up your cash, nigga
I make em stagger, Im scandalous as Jimmy Swaggart
Im a good tracker, scopin your girl then watch me tag her
Pullin steel like a stunt
Shown like an ID card, nigga, no needs to front, so
Here to torment, I put track on crack
And Im strapped with a semi-tone milli-ten Mac
Yo, I breaks em off, I breaks em off, chief
Deadly as Jason on Friday the 13th

A to the motherfuckin K

Back in the days, niggas, they use to scrap
But now in 92, niggas, they pull their strap
Cause, um, police, them come wicked then them shoot niggas
So niggas retaliate and start to loot
Execute, boot stompin
Black soldier here to teach and mold ya
The innovator, dominator, narrator
R-B to the motherfuckin X, flex wicked
Stylee, bump and be found and do bleed by a
Maniac with a gat
See, nowadays, niggas is like that
I pull my trigger back, the bullets go
Buh-buh-buh, now Im on death row
Fuck it, niggas goin wild
Every night they shoot, its like Beirut
Maybe you should get a Kevlar vest for your chest
Anytime steppin through my hood
But thatll do you no good
One slug to your face, dont hate
Youre gettin smoked like wood
Nasty nigga, bloody pumps, face flat
On the concrete, here comes the white sheet
Mr. Coroner, caught with some yellow tape
But the murderers escape
Audi like five Gs
Lyrical gangbang but its just a G thang
Doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
(Yeah, about that…)

Dont let me find out the bitch in you
Dont let me find out the snitch in you

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, Im done with foreplay
Doctors orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin, overdose and kill yourself
Doctors orders

Listen, this is my evaluation
This shit oversaturated, yall can get evacuated
Kids sippin Actavis and they aint even activated
Married to the Internet, stuck in place, salivatin
Aint nobody graduatin
Dont nobody love this shit the way I love it
Thats why I gotta hate it
Everybody out for fame, that aint no exaggeration
Damn, Im gettin aggravated
Fuck, Im gettin agitated
Teachers so underpaid in these fuckin schools
The police got our name in all they databases
Girls be thirteen actin twenty-two
Niggas be forty-four actin half they ages
Somebody tell me, what the fuck is goin on?
These niggas in tight shit, Im in the fuckin Matrix
Its lookin like a sign of the revelation
Bout time of the return of the fuckin greatest
I got all these patients, man
How come they aint patient with me?
They just think I want the money
Why? When I cant take it with me
Yall dont do it for the love, for the love not
They gon find out who you are
Just admit it fore you get admitted

Say, what you livin about? (Fuck you gon tell me?)
Do you remember where you started out though?
Youre lookin lost now (You want a pass? Oh, damn!)
Fake it til you make it, take your little paper
But when you look in the mirror your credibility’s gone now
Id rather be hated on for who I am
Than to be loved for who Im not, thats word to Doc

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, Im done with foreplay
Doctors orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin, overdose and kill yourself

In the beginning a few of the people who had a problem I was this good scoffed, I just shook off
Probly reminded you of the first time you saw Tiger Woods golf
Never thought about how much my race and nationality meant
But based on how I ascended
See how plain it was now, they want me to jet
But no one really gave a fuck about my descent, til I took off
Mistook me because I looked soft
But I stood tall, I just followed the Doctors orders
So I rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
Decided opposing you is what Im ‘posed to do, alls
I did was say what Im feeling when the vocal booth calls
And had you on pins and needles when I spoke to you all
You felt my pain, its almost like I poked voodoo dolls
And I hope my spirit haunts the studios when Im gone
My picture jumps off a poster and just floats through the halls
And fuckin goes through the walls like the ghost of Lou Rawls
Karmas headed for Armageddon
The drama setter, Im going in, already got an arm and head in
Whoever said words are just words aint heard me word em
I give a fuck if my image even ends up taking a personal hit
Whoever I hurt or whatever bridges I burned in this bitch
And whatever bitches feel like they didnt deserve what they get
And whatever consequences come with every verse
Its worth it, so Doc, turn the beat on
Whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
And heres to all the years I spent toein a line to overtime
As sure as a mole is blind
In my mind Im still underground as a groundhog
And Ima go for mine, like a whole furrow just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
No signs of slowin, these lines are my 9s
I just load up the most rhymes and open fire with a closed mind
All I needed was someone to co-sign
Been a Doctors assault rifle
With the sniper scope for this whole time
Day one, say when to blast, just give me the order, I spray (uh)
Pain in the ass, youll get shot in the ass with a paint gun
Aint no one safe from, non-believers there aint none
I even make the bitches I rape cum
Im waitin on someone to say somethin
Dre, make the bass pump!
And let the tape run for old times sake!
I spit it straight through, this is take one
The moment youre waitin for has come, but the—

Fame and fortune is not your forte
Fuck the world now, Im done with foreplay
Doctors orders: go fuck yourself
Take two of these in the mornin, overdose and kill yourself
Doctors orders, Doctors orders

Ah, fuck!
When darkness be closin in
I motivate, with the howlin wind
With a list of chosen men, frozen in sin
Knowin that your end is beginnin, swift silent and deadly
Theres no defending my plots, I know your every movement
For six months I watch
Couldve got you at your babys mothers house
Even at your down-low weed spot
But the backdrop, wasnt flattering enough
I didnt want people gathering and stuff ​
Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff
Here - puff this cig, while I figure which way, to split yo wig
Right now you as nervous, as a Farmer John pig
As I dig into my tragic bag, take out the HK
Twist on the silencer, insert the 30 shot mag ​
Bullet stuck to his brain like a magnet
Skull in fragments, I leave the cleanup to Dragnet

This is anybody (Murderer)
To fuckin everybody (Murderer)
Nigga all yall (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, youll fuck around and get killed
This is anybody (Murderer)
Motherfuckin everybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all yall (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, youll fuck around and get killed

Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough
Lurkin through the turf, thinkin how much its worth
Give em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced
Stepped out the car, put my steel, to the side of his face
Murder is the fuckin Case, rob this nigga and shake
The fuckin spot cause in a few its gon be crawlin with cops!
Whos the bad bitch now, you crept on, paid the piper
Whodve thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper
Detrimental to your health, shouldve learned yo lesson
But its too late nigga bye-bye, better count yo blessings
I been watchin you watchin me, yeah you ballin
Was, nigga now you finger fucked and steady fallin
A thug wit no love, but bitch niggas die fast
Thug niggas die young - oh what you thought you would last?
Blast two shots to the dome, slide back to the pad
And jack my nigga off, til his dick get soft
Resume the wifey boo shit, cause yo my man dont know
That his bitch is straight ill, servin ass with po-po

Im a motherfuckin (Murderer)
Bitch this is anybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all yall (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, youll fuck around and get killed
Im a motherfuckin (Murderer)
Uhh bitch this is anybody (Murderer)
Yeah nigga all yall (Murderer)
Uh, uh, for real, youll fuck around and get killed!
One, two, three and to the four
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the door
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
Cause you know were bout to rip shit up
Give me the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Aint nuthin but a G thang, baby
Two loced out niggas going crazy
Death Row is the label that pays me
Unfadeable so please dont try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But, um, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so Ima let em understand
From a young Gs perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know, she could be earnin her man and learnin her man
And at the same time burnin her man
Now, you know I aint with that shit, Lieutenant
Aint no pussy good enough to get burnt while Im up in it (Yeah)
And thats realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel
Well, if its good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
Ill take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

Its like this and like that and like this and a—
Its like that and like this and like that and a—
Its like this and like that and like this and a—
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

Well, Im peepin and Im creepin and Im creepin
But I damn near got caught cause my beeper kept beepin
Now its time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo
With a producer who can rap and control the micstro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know, I flow some old funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but dont choke
If you do, youll have no clue
Of what me and my homie Snoop Dogg came to do

Its like this and like that and like this and a—
Its like that and like this and like that and a—
Its like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill til the next episode

Youve got the feeling
Rock the other side
Youve got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

Fallin back on that ass with a hellafied gangsta lean
Gettin funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens
Its the capital S, oh, yes, Im fresh, N, double-O, P
D, O, double-G, Y, D, O, double-G, you see
Showin much flex when its time to wreck a mic
Pimpin hoes and clockin a grip like my name was Dolemite
Yeah, and it dont quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin G shit (Hell yeah)
So, Dre (What up, Dogg?)
Gotta give em what they want (Whats that, G?)
We gotta break em off somethin (Hell yeah)
And its gotta be bumpin (City of Compton)

Is where it takes place, so when asked, your attention
Mobbin like a motherfucker but I aint lynchin
Droppin the funky shit thats makin the sucker niggas mumble
When Im on the mic, its like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close and your assll get smacked
My motherfuckin homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, cause if I slip, then Im slippin
But if I got my nina, then you know Im straight trippin
And Ima continue to put the rap down, put the mac down
And if you bitches talk shit, I have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you dont stop
I told ya Im just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But Im never off, always on to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better

Like this, that and this and a—
Its like that and like this and like that and a—
Its like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill til the next episode

Youve got the feeling
Rock the other side
Youve got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
Youve got the feeling
Rock the other side
Youve got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
Youve got the feeling
Rock the other side
Youve got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You really dont understand, do you?
Hey man, dont you realize in order for us to make this thing work, man, weve got to get rid of the pimps, and the pushers and the prostitutes?
And then start all over again clean
Nigga, is you crazy?
Once again, the mighty Death Row organization committin mass murder
And we aint askin for shit, nigga, we takin it
So, Dre, blast they ass, nigga!

Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of L.A. wonderin where the pussy at
Straight player, looking for a ho
Hangin out, rollin in my six-four
Sixteen switches for the niggas in my hood
Seventeen shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
Ya come outside, nigga, ya gettin fucked up
I done told ya, creep-creep, ya best move
Like Luther Vandross, Im fuckin up the west coast
Im right back up in ya when ya nut
One, two, three nut, from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didnt have my sixty-four and a lot of dough
I keep it like this and like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Ooh-wee, thats that nigga owe you that grip
Yeah, there that fool is (Well, whats up? Break him off proper then)
Whats up? Whats happenin? (Can I get them ends?) Whats up?
Nigga, you delinquent, can I get those ends? (I aint)
Ayy, nigga, pay this nigga (He aint trippin), well, whats up?
Man, I aint got your money (Go head) Well, yo, check this out, nigga
Whats up, fool? Whats up? Whats up? You dont want—
Yeah, motherfucker
Ill be back, yo, Ill be back! (Oh yeah?) You aint never comin back, fool

Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah, nigga)

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Creepin and peepin and we can get with these
The Chronic, slangin fat kis from my block
And it dont stop, tell me where you wanna go
To the strip, or take a trip ballin with the Row
My shit off in ya system attacks
Indo smoke go in ya lungs like that
You get lifted, calm, and if its the bomb
Taken away like Calgon, Vietnam
California, back and on a mission
Provin a point, in my game, aint no fuckin competition
They wishin but run up on reality
C-P-T, C-A-L my locality
Its strange how I re-arrange and change
The business by droppin shit like this
Dope, niggas cant cope with the real
I bill, penitentiary steel, when I kill, it goes

Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back (Hell yeah)
Rat-tat-tat-tat, tat-ta-tat, like that, you know I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Straight up
Now you niggas know where my homie comin from
So quit the chit-chat fore you find yourself flat on your bizzack, fool
Its nine-deuce, Dr. Drizzays sittin on tizzop
It dont stop, treatin busters like a punk-ass cizzop
Biatch!
Simple pleasures, rock star livin
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceilin
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealin - satisfiction

Yeah, I mean, I listen to these rap records
Half the time Im suspicious
You niggas sound so fictitious
Believe me, I know the difference
I got some words for you niggas
Youre the definition of (satisfiction)
Listen up, I been where you goin three times and plus
Big houses, cars, jewelry, bad bitches all around this motherfucker, uh
I seen it all and guess what?
Its the (Satisfiction), you feel me?

Oh yeah, oh I see what you sayin
I know some niggas just like that
Frontin ass niggas, man, really aint got no bucks like that
Stuck like that, its cool if you cool with gettin love like that
Flashin down to Southside Raleigh
Youll be runnin outta luck like that
What I mean by that is why your name always in these rental records?
Spendin rent money gettin that bottle service into your section
You leased your car, leased your house, leased your spouse
Know she leavin if you run outta paper
And might be smashin your neighbor
I know you think you a star cause followers clickin
Guess your ambition is to keep up with social tradition
Like sneaker shoppin some of you niggas is fuckin sickenin
Cause youll take your soul out, just so you could fit in

Simple pleasures, rock star livin
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceilin
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealin - satisfiction
Satisfiction
Satisfiction

Cuz, fuck wrong with these niggas?
These labels always askin me to do a song with these niggas
Doc, I think its time for you to open up the pharmacy, nigga
And change this fuckin music shit, my nigga, you should consider
Nah, Ive been doin me lokin, keepin these bad bitches open
And keepin em wet, yep, see cause Long Beach right by that ocean
Still sippin that gin and juice, my nigga, yep Im still on that potion
And all these random niggas fake as fuck and Im still gettin noticed
God damn, man, how we sposed to handle this shit, cuh
Everything we built these niggas done dismantled this shit, cuh
We gotta get back to that real, thats on the dub
Another lesson from your uncle Snoop, what, what, what?

Im just statin the facts
Dont get no realer than that
Satisfiction, attention, listen, play your position, player
Shouldnt be too hard, my nigga
Its supposed to be like a lay up
Shouldnt be so hard to be yourself
My nigga, wake up
Stay up, pay up, straight up, cake up
Thats what Im made of, high? Yup
My life is all authentic, thats why Im goin way up
Your satisfaction fictitious, your happiness is made up

Simple pleasures, rock star livin
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceilin
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealin
Satisfiction
Satisfiction
Satisfiction
Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West yall)
Yeah, L.A. niggas
L.A. niggas rule the world nigga
Yall niggas gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin?
Niggas dont wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, droppin heat box on yall bitch-ass
Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggas, connected all over the motherfucking world, nigga
Recognize this; peep game

Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
Gd up from the feet up
Blued up from the shoe ups how I grew up
Locn, smokin and drinkin til we threw up (until we threw up)
At Leimert Park, taggin, hittin fools up
Ditching my class, just to fuck yo school up
You dont wanna blast, nigga tuck yo tool up
But dont sleep, young niggas quick to shoot you
Now theres another motherfucker with no future
But Time Bomb much smoother when I maneuver, dope like Cuba
Got em jumpin Disciples to the Hoover

Im coming Straight Outta Compton with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha
Picture this, Dr. Dre twisting wit Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Dont trip, its a Time Bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick *boom*
Wait a minute its on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it
From sundown to sunup, clown and run up
The Aftermathll be two in your gut, nigga what?

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It dont stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

Gimme that mic fool, its a West coast jack move
They call me Hitt cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my Macz Crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, thats true
But I grew up where niggas jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your Turkish chain, C.K. B.K
Blued up or flame, I ran wit a gang
I helped niggas get jacked for they Dana Danes
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Dont waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AKs and 9s
One-times, sun-shines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian Thai, drive-bys, six-fos on switches

I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hatin on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touching mine you catch a flat-line, dead on the floor
Better than yours, driving away gettin head from a whore
Its AvireX-to-the-Z
Fuckin with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD its all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we dont die, the streets dont lie
What, so neither do I, Im bad for your health
Like puttin a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself

Five in the mornin, burglars at my do
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let em come in BOW, he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggas, who buy fifths by the fo
And brews by the case
Slap you in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with Sedans and gold rings
Haters scope the style, but cant find no openings

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day -- in L.A.!
It dont stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way -- in L.A.!

In L.A
Thats how we ride
Thats how we ride
Thats how we ride
Thats how we ride
Yeah, nigga, were still fuckin wit you
Still waters run deep
Still Snoop Dogg and D.R.E.
99, nigga, guess whos back
Still, still doin that shit, huh, Dre?
Oh for sho
Yeah
Check me out

Its still Dre Day nigga, AK nigga
Though Ive grown a lot, cant keep it home a lot
Cause when I frequent the spots that Im known to rock
You hear the bass from the truck when Im on the block
Ladies they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How? Nigga, my last album was The Chronic (Nigga)
They wanna know if he still got it
They say raps changed, they wanna know how I feel about it
(If you aint up on thangs)
Dr. Dre is the name, Im ahead of my game
Still puffin my leaves, still fuck with the beats
Still not lovin police (Huh-uh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease (For sho)
Still got love for the streets, reppin 213 (For life)
Still the beats bang, still doin my thang
Since I left aint too much changed, still

Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.
Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.

Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dippin again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
Hes triple platinum, doin 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My lifes like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed: I smoke til Im sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire til youre soakin in your seat
Its not a fluke, its been tried, Im the truth
Since Turn Out the Lights from the World Class Wreckin Cru
Im still at it, after mathematics
In the home of drive-bys and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through, then I give you (Still) D.R.E.

Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.
Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.

It aint nothin but more hot shit
Another classic CD for yall to vibe with
Whether youre coolin on the corner wit your fly bitch (Biatch)
Laidback in the shack, play this track
Im representin for the gangstas all across the world
Still (Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl)
Ill break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king, but the ace is back
(So if you aint up on thangs)
Dr. Dre be the name (What?), still runnin the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still aint trippin, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more livin hard (Nah, nah)
Barbeques every day, drivin fancy cars (Hey, hey)
Still gon get mine regardless (Still)

Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.
Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.
Im representin for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, its the D.R.E.

Right back up in your mothafuckin ass
9-5 plus four pennies, add that shit up
D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some wit your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky-icky-icky
Ooh wee! Put it in the air!
Well, yous a fool, D-R, ha-ha
Yes, it is I, says me
And all who agree are more than three cause theyre we, haha
Yes, yo, Im in the house now for sure
Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men
Who knows what evil lurks within them?
But lets take a travel down the blindside
And see what we find on this path called

Stranded on death row, so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type, what I recites kinda lethal
Niggas know the flow that I kick, theres no equal
Im murderin niggas, yo, and maybe because of the tone I kicks
When I grip the mic and kick shit niggas cant fuck with
So remember I go hardcore and slam
Nough respect like a sensei, whoop ass like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossin
Why dont you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson?
Take a walk through the hood where we up to no good
Slangin them things like a real O.G. should
Im stackin and mackin and packin a ten so
When youre slippin, I slip the clip in, but aint no set trippin
Cause its Death Row, rollin like the mafia
Think about whoopin some ass, but what the fuck stoppin ya?
Aint nothin but a buster
Im stranded on death row for pumpin slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know youre outdone, feel the shotgun
Kurupt, inmate, cell block one

No prevention from this lynchin of sorts
Youre a victim from my driveby of thoughts
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light, its time you learn braille
From a lunatic, Im death like arsenic
When I kick a wicked rap, Dr. Dre will hit the scratch
With treachery, my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm, plural, make it many storms
When Im vexed, I fight leg, necks, and arms
In this dimension, Im the presenter
And the inventor, and the tormentor
Deranged, like the Hillside Strangler
Emcee mangler, tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do?
The narrator RBX, cell block two

Rage, lyrical murderer
Stranded on death row and now Im servin a
Lifetime sentence, therell be no repentance
Since its the life that I choose to lead, I plead guilty
On all counts, let the ball bounce where it may
Its just another clip into my AK
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my mattress
Bed frame, theres another dead, bang
Laying lame, put to shame, whos to blame?
Me, the Lady of Rage, a woman comin
From the D-E-A-T-H and R-O-W, takin no shit
So flip and youre bound to get dropped
Its 1-8-7 on motherfuckers, dont stop
Handcuffed as I bust, therell be no debate
Its Rage, from cell block H

Ayo, steppin through the fog and creepin through the smog
Its the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
Making videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Bustin raps for my snaps, now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homie, little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hands on the trigga
Shootin at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a grip from servin my rocks
And Im still serving for mine
Peace to my motherfuckin homies doing time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbin with your blues on, mad as hell
And youre sayin, Fuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And its driving the cops crazy
But aint nothin but a black thing, baby
Uh, Im not flaggin, but Im just saggin
I betcha dont wanna see the D-O-double-G
And you cant see the D-R to the E
Or my motherfuckin homie D.O.C
You know you cant fuck with my motherfuckin DJ
Thats my homie and we call him Warren G
Yeah, and you dont stop
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfuckin Dogg Pound
Thats the only way well beat em, man
We gotta smoke em then choke em like the motherfuckin Peterman
Its like three and to the two and two and to the one
Cell block four, peace, Doggy Doggs done

Yo, now you know the path Im on
You think youre strong?
See if you can travel on
Cause only the weak will try to speak
Those who are quiet will always cause riots
Theres three types of people in the world
Those who dont know what happened
Those who wonder what happened
And people like us from the streets that make things happen
I dont give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit, yall counterfeit
Yall niggas bad business
Thats why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, Im all about Fort Knox, nigga
Ridin through your neighborhood
Throwin money out the window like What!?
You about the dollar (You know nothin bout it)
Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no, no, no, I aint even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hol up, if you really bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we dont even wanna talk about it—what?

I dont know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, Imma have everything—is one day, Imma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

I just bought California
Them other states aint far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I aint opened yet
M.V.P. shit—this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, yeah, this is where the dope is at
The world aint enough, I want it all
Goddammit, Im too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck yall
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner, too
If you wanna beef, make sure that thats somethin you wanna do
Theres some missin people that felt that way too

I dont know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day, Imma have everything—is one day, Imma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

What the fuck was yall thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
Im the only king here, you can tell em that I said it
Im the black Eminem, Im the humbler 50
Im D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fuckin with me
I murder rappers everyday, til police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Aint no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve-to-have-breast niggas
Crying bout my old girl, funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed, Red Ring of Death niggas
Im Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chaining
If this was you, your diamond wouldnt be worth the appraising
Im just talking reckless, Im just off the record, but I mean it
Kept my blessings, we was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

I dont know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day Imma have everything—is one day, Imma have every thing
It was all a dream, it was all a dream (I want it all!)

Listen, Ive been tryna get it all
Im just in this bitch, Imma show em how to get involved
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I want everything (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Talk about it, hol up, if you really bout it
Tell these mothafuckas, we dont even wanna talk about it, what?
I just need yall to try to bear with me for a minute
While I talk about the pages of my diary, listen up

I remember when I got started my intention was to win
But a lot of shit changed since then
Some old friends became enemies in the quest of victory
But I made a vow, never let this shit get to me
I let it pass, so I consider that part of my history
And Im strong; financially, physically
Mentally Im on a whole nother level
And dont forget that I came from the ghetto
Sold a new house for my moms, thats special
I let you going shopping til your feet get tired
Then a new Benz just for you to ride in
When I didnt have it, you provided
Dont be surprised that I built an enterprise
And my house got a view of the city like a highrise
Im just talking to my diary
Im just talking to my diary

When I open up my book, I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
Im just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin Im high
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary

Now puff-puff-pass got a nigga having flashbacks
I remember how it used to be
Now my money like NASDAQ, my checks you can cash that
I remember how it used to be

I used to be a starving artist, so I would never starve an artist
This is my passion, its where my heart is
It gets the hardest when I think about the dearly departed
Like the nigga I started with
I know Eazy can see me now, looking down through the clouds
And regardless, I know my nigga still proud
Its been a while since we spoke but you still my folks
We used to sit back, laugh and joke
Now I remember when we used to do all-nighters
You in the booth and Cube in the corner writing
Where Ren at? Shout out to my nigga Yella
Damn, I miss that... shit, a nigga having flashbacks

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
Im just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin Im high
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
Im just, Im just, Im just talking to my diary
*TV Static*
Damn, shit, its always with the fuckin TV, man
Motherfuckin cable off, shit aint workin
Hey— Hey, bring me somethin to drink
Yeah, that motherfuckin Crazy Horse will do, thatll work
Damn, aint shit on this motherfucker
Oh— Oh shit, what the fuck is this?

Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-dun-dun, dun-daa

Hey motherfuckers, welcome back to the $20 Sack Pyramid
Im your host, motherfuckin O.G. Henny Loc and were back with our two final contestants
Duck Motherfuckin Mouth and Bootnee Lee Farnsworth
Theyll be playin for a $20 sack of indo and a $35 gift certificate to the Compton swap meet
Alright, yall bitches got thirty seconds to answer five motherfuckin questions
Lonnie, you ready with that clock? Well, let the games begin

Alright man, we gotta do that shit man (Hell yeah, man)
We can do that shit right now (Fuck that, the whole neighborhood watchin, everybody watchin)
We gotta do that shit right now, okay, you ready? (Hell yeah, Im ready, come on)
Hey man, are you ready? (Im ready) Im ready, lets go
Indo! Uh, uh, Cavi! Uh, Buddha! (Fuck, shit, shit I used to sell? Uh, um)
Hocus Pocus! (Oh, oh, things that people smoke!)
Right! Thats it, thats it (Uh-huh)
Uh, uhh, oh! Oh, fuck me in the ass
Oh, oh, uh, step to me and let me suck your dick, uh, uhh
Oh, uh, things that Tim Dog would say!
Yeah, thats it right there! (Oh yeah! Come on keep goin, man, hurry up!) Uh, uhh
VCRs, uh, TVs and shit, uh, them socks and shit
Oh, that box in your room and shit!
Oh, oh, shit I came up on lootin!
Thats it, thats it right there! (Yeah, thats it come on hurry up, man, hurry up!)
Uhh, En Vogue (Uh, shit, uh, pretty bitches?), uh, uh
Halle— Halle— Halle Berry (Uhh), uhh (Bad bitches?)
Yo, yo, your Auntie Clarisse! (Oh, bitches I wanna fuck!)
That shit right there (Oh, okay, okay, cmon), thats it! (Come on, come on, hurry up, its five seconds)
Okay, okay, uh, uh, I know Doc (Um, uhh), uhh
Dre— Dre gon do my music and shit, uhh (Um, uhh)
Snoop and me, be goin to the swap meet (Um, oh! Oh, oh, oh! I know that, I know that one!)
Things that niggas be sayin to get the pussy!
Thats it, thats it right there! Hahahaha (Oh shit! Hahahaha! Ahh, we won!)
Thats it, thats it! Mm-mm, alright
Give me my motherfuckin weed, bitch (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Get my motherfuckin weed!
Its all right there, baby! Thats tha— We— To the—
Uhh, get my weed (Yeah, ayy)
Get my $35 to go to the motherfuckin swap meet! (Yeah, ayy) Bitch! Ayy
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (Im in the money, Im in the money, Im in the money, Im in the money!)
Hey, Snoop! Hey! Hey, Bootnee! (Whats up?)

Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da (I just love that bud and that $35 certificate they finna give us)
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da (Cause we came up like— Oh, man)
Da, da-dun-dun, dun-daa

Ha— Ha— Hey (Hey), haha
You gotta clap, thats what happened on— (Yeah)
Ghetto bitch, I told you to stay home, you know, yeah, biotch
Damn, nigga, spin the wheel, motherfuckers be clappin and shit
This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
*Cell door opens*
Welcome to Death Row
Like we always do about this time

Hahaha, yeah, nine-deuce
Death Row Records, creepin while youre sleepin
Niggas with attitudes? Nah, loc, niggas on a motherfuckin mission
What up niggas and niggettes?
That crazy-ass niggas back in the motherfuckin hizzouse
The notorious Compton G
D-R-E on the solo tip, fuck them other fools
What up, Ren?
Yeah, droppin Chronic flakes on your ass, biatch
West Coast flavor
Niggas who talk shit get dealt with real quick
So if you wanna take a trip to the Row
Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know
Protected by niggas with big dicks, AKs, and one-eight-seven skills
So if its must you test us, we can handle it the streets, nigga, fuck makin records
Yeah, Gs up, hoes down
If that bitch cant swim, then she bound to drizzown
Peace to my nigga Drizzae, another Platinum hit, nigga
Peace to The D.O.C., still makin it funky enough
And Death Row Records is in full motherfuckin effizzect
Oh, yeah, PS, fuck Mr. Roarke and Tattoo, AKA Jerry and Eazy
Sincerely yours, these motherfuckin nuts
I dont love Eazy, I dont love Jerry
I dont love Ruthless Records
Frankly, I dont love nothin they got to do with
But, but, but you know what I want them to do for me?
Jerry, Eazy, check this shit right here
I want yall to put these bizzalls in your jizzaws
And work them like a strizzaw and tell me what you sizzaw
Yeah, you know what? You know what?
Fuck all yall! Fuck yall!
Really though, its Death Row, nigga!
You better ask somebody, you really better ask somebody!

Get out, get out, I dont love you no more
Yeah, nigga, yous a penguin-lookin motherfucker
Ima say this and Ima end mine
If you aint down for the Africans here in the United States
Period, point-blank
If you aint down for the ones that suffered in South Africa from apartheid and shit
Dammit, you need to step your punk-ass to the side
And let us brothers and us Africans step in
And start puttin some foot in that ass!

Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin

I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But livin in the city, its do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But livin in the city, its do-or-die

Dem wonder why mi violent, dem no really understand
For de reason why mi take mi law in mi own hand
Mi not out for peace and mi not Rodney King
De gun goes click, mi gun goes bang
Dem riot in Compton and dem riot in Long Beach
Dem riot in L.A. cause dem no really wanna see
Niggas start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock us down at seven oclock, barricade us like Beirut
Mi dont show no love cause its us against dem
Dem never, ever love me cause its sport to break dem
And kill, at my own risk, if I may
To lay, to spray with my AK, and put em to rest

Yes, we have—there have been riots, ah, uh, rioting
Well, I dont wanna say rioting, but theres been looting downtown
But right now, Bree, what I want to show you is
They have started fires down at the end of the street

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do? What you wanna do?
I said, how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9

Thats what they told us today, In other words, you still a slave
No matter how much money you got, you still aint shit!

Sitting in my living room, calm and collected
Feeling that gotta-get-mine perspective
Cause what I just heard broke me in half
And half the niggas I know, plus the niggas on the Row is bailing
Laugh now, but cry much later
You see, when niggas get together, they get mad cause they cant fade us
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
They found that they couldnt handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
With the Eses helpin, nigga, its time to rob and mob
And break the white man off something lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I dont love dem so dem cant love me
Yo, straight puttin it down, gettin my scoot on
Its jumping off in Compton so I gots to get my loot on
And come up on me some furniture or somethin
Got a VCR in the back of my car
That I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
Cause they will see that I cant be stopped
Cause Ima cock my Glock and pop til they all drop

Yes, on the videotape we seem to have the, uh
People in the crowd throwing things at the officers
And swinging at them as well
As there was a, uh, young woman there, you see, took a swing at—
At an officer with some object in her hand

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do? What you wanna do?
I said, how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a nine

I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But livin in the city, its do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger, some niggas wonder why
But livin in the city, its do-or-die

One-time trigger happy, no nigga love
One-eighty-seven time, time to grab the glove
Cant get prints on a nine I throw away
Or get prints on my Uzi when it spray
Pop-pop, pop, another motherfucker drop
And I get relief like, plop, plop, fizz
Smash, I crashed his head like a window
I aint Nintendo, Im high off the indo
Creepin, with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on a donut
And crack-up, so now he best to back up
I guess I gots to pack up, filling the clip up
I zip uptown but motherfuckin cops are all around
Helicopters flyin, these motherfuckers tryin
To catch me and stretch me on Death Row
But hell no, the poor blacks refuse to go

This now covers a very, very wide area of Los Angeles where these fires have been, uh, ignited
I mean, from here to the, uh, to the south end of South Central is a long way

Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin
Break em off somethin, break em off somethin

The outcome of this is destruction, so them all fall
Niggas dont give a fuck, so them bust and them fall
The description of three blacks
Shows no justice, so, pick up its your right
If you riot again, mi, turn the other cheek
We, be too many, mi got, mi nine to my side
So mi bust, flick, cause he dont give a fuck
And mi dont give a fuck
And all my problems end with that buck-buck

Blam, blam, blam til dem fall
Listen to the shots from a nigga Doggy Dogg, biddy-bye
Dr. Dre, him bust gun shots
Diggidy Daz and RBX, dem bust gun shots
Come again
This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P
A message to God

Since you finishing em early, what possessed you to start him?
We made a vow - later well regret til death do us part
Lord, I thought we was made for each other
You shouldnt connect those, made to be taken away from each other
Now what Im supposed to do? Im only half the man that I was
Ill never last, cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doing when you made us, so with all due respect
You coulda forgave him, you didnt have to take him
He can take the game with him, cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it?
Im feeling like my whole world is blinded, wondering why
Crying, pouring out my heart, pouring out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers, something we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguing telling the truth
He had talent too - I had plans on watching him blow
Dont know what hurts more, seeing him leave, or watching him go

Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen

If you wan know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So dont worry about me (Cause I know my way around)
Im just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper

Yous a soldier, youre probably packing heat up there
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy, now Im going through it with you
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
Cause Im still paging you, 911, straight in denial
Prayin you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit, or you gon play it like you get it
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keeping a poker face
To straight breaking down and showing all emotions
Im anxious to believing real Gs dont cry
If thats the truth, then Im realizing I aint no gangsta
Its just not me, but you know Imma always ride wit you
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died with you

[Listen, listen, listen (Listen)
Listen, listen, listen (Better listen)
Listen, listen, listen
Listen](7469635)

If you wan know why (Why I live my life)
The way that I do (Cause I got to get this money)
So dont worry about me (Dont worry, dont worry)
Im just hustlin everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper

Listen
If you dont know why I you gotta listen up right now
Listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen
Listen, listen, children, listen
Im tryin to tell you somethin good
Dont get caught up in the hood, yeah
If you dont know why
You gotta find out the reason why
Brother, brother

Oh, youre Doctor Dre. Ha-ha, are you a real doctor dude? I mean like, you know, can you prescribe some drugs for me man? Come on dude, Ill split whatever I get with ya, okay? Hahahaha
Ah, the chronic
La-da-da-da-dah
Its the motherfuckin D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know Im mobbin with the D-R-E, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know whos back up in this motherfucker
What? What? What? What?
So blaze the weed up then, blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up, nigga! Yeah, sup, Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin it up
Lowlife, yo life, boy, we livin it up
Takin chances while we dancin in the party for sure
Slipped my ho a forty-fo when she got in the back do
Bitches lookin at me strange, but you know I dont care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin my hair
Bitch, quit talkin, Crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo trap
Come back, get back, thats the part of success
If you believe in the X, youll be relievin your stress

La-da-da-da-dah
Its the motherfuckin D-R-E (Dr. Dre, motherfucker!)
La-da-da-da-dah

You know Im mobbin with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronicd out in the llac
With D.O.C. in the back, sippin on gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin through hoods (What hood?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the West Side, its California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
Im on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin to poke on (Sup bitch?)
Loc, its on for the two-triple-oh
Comin real, its the next episode

Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin we soft, we dont play
We gonna rock it til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day
Things just aint the same for gangstas
Times is changin, young niggas is agin
Becoming OGs in the game and changin
To make way for these new names and faces
But the strangest things can happen from rappin
When niggas get wrapped up in image and actin
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic
Zipped up in bags—when it happens, thats it
Ive seen em come, Ive watched em go
Watched em rise, witnessed it, and watched em blow
Watched em all blossom and watched em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money: I lost em both
Went and visited niggas in the hospital
Its all the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (The watcher)

Cause everywhere that I go
Aint the same as befo (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just dont know me no mo (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (Im watching)

I moved out of the hood for good—you blame me?
Niggas aim, mainly, at niggas they cant be
But niggas cant hit niggas they cant see
Im out of sight now, Im out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
Youd probably move to a new house on a new hill
And choose a new spot, if niggas wanted you shot
I aint a thug—how much 2Pac in you you got?
I aint no bitch, neither
Its either my life or your life and I aint leavin, I like breathin
Cause nigga, we can go round for round
Clip for clip—shit, four-pound for pound
Nigga, if you really want to take it there, we can
Just remember that you fuckin with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you
Remember that when you wanna come and fill these shoes (The watcher)

Cause everywhere that I go
Aint the same as befo (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just dont know me no mo (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (Im watching)

Things just aint the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead, or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we was raised in
Then, they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
Cause every time you let the animal out cages
Its dangerous to people who look like strangers
But now, we got a new era of gangstas
Hustlers and youngsters livin amongst us
Lookin at us now, callin us busters
Cant help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga, we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get?
Its funny how time flies
Im just having fun, just watchin it fly by (The watcher)

Cause everywhere that I go
Aint the same as befo (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just dont know me no mo (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (Im watching)

The watcher
Im watching
The watcher
The watcher
My motto is live by the bottle
So why is my supply low, bring in a truckload with a high-low
Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though
Ghetto idol I think, but what do I know
Shit I know a lot more than I should
The hood stood by me just like I thought it would
Dont act like Im Hollywood when I probably could
I dont polly, Mohammed Ali of rap, I dont lolly gag
West Coast, the home of the body-bag
The shotty, the Mag Los Angeles, where the party at
You can catch me anywhere where theres Bacardi at
Yeah, Andre is back so have a cardiac
Started back with the black Raiders starter cap
Gangsta rap, we practically fuckin started that
Everyday with this game Im gettin smarter at
Skys the limit so everytime I get on a track

Guns blaze when I shine
Nigga wish quick, no startin Im the shootin kind
Front page all the time
You boys think sick but I aint got no roof on mine
I drink topless, I live topless
Like my girl is the game with her titties out
I drink topless, I live topless
Sky’s the limit I’m paid to run the city now

Your skins your travelin bag of your existence
Yours is shabby and scab while mines glistenin
Vivid on my skin how many continents I’ve visit then
You could journey with me to different places by listenin
Shittin on em, ya brother got it covered
We can slug it, knuckle it however you want I love it
A hustlers wit, the grit the grind
My genetic code make-up, murderer by design
On mayan calendar time when night meets day
I’m in a light grey Bugatti like a high-speed chase
Adrenaline like jogger the jump in rope in place
The Muhammad Ali hobbies no pilates tryna keep the ocean by me
Hit a rich man’s wife see what these hoes can buy me
Lookin forward but it’s nice to see the road behind me
Hotel’s a seven star, baguettes glowin
Keep your lid yet dawg the private jet boeing topless
Whats the difference between me and you?
Whats the difference between me and you?

Back when Cube was rollin with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business
But sometimes, the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
Thats fucked up, but Ill never forget the shit we been through
And Ima do whatever it takes to convince you
Cause you my nigga, Doc, and Eazy, Im still wit you
Fuck the beef, nigga, I miss you, and thats just being real wit you
You see, the truth is, everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is, and who Im still cool with
Then, I got these fake-ass niggas I first blew with
Claimin they nonviolent, talkin like they— (Do not resist the beat)
Spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions
Move units, then talk shit, and we can do this
Until then, I aint even speakin your name
Just keep my name out of your mouth, and we can keep it the same, nigga
It aint that Im too big to listen to the rumors
Its just that Im too damn big to pay attention to em
Thats the difference

Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin
Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin

Yo, I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate, play with it
Never knew about the next level til Dre did it (Yeah)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers babysitted
I smash the critics like a overhand right from Riddick (Yeah)
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid—never come down!
Pass it around if you cant handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
Whats the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces, and two vehicles
Until my death, Im Bangladesh
I suggest you hold your breath til aint none left
Yo, thats the difference!

Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin
Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin

Aight, hold up, hold up!
Stop the beat a minute! I got somethin to say, Dre
I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me (What the fuck?)
I dont know if I ever told you this
But I love you, dog, I got your motherfuckin back (Right), just know this shit
Slim, I dont know if you noticed it
But Ive had your back from day one, nigga, lets blow this bitch
I mean it, dog—you ever need somebody offed: Whose throat is it?
Well, if you ever kill that Kim bitch, Ill show you where the ocean is
Well, thats cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughters mama
Ima sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin at people (Hi!)
Then drop her off on the corner at the police station
And drive off, honkin the horn for her (*Beep-beep!*)
Raw-dog, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed-off and beat you with the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub til the bubbles pop up
In they nose and cough snot up, mucus and hot water
Thats for tryna talk like The Chronic was lost product
Thats for even thinkin of havin them thoughts thought up
And you better show some respect whenever the Docs brought up
So whats the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, I just dont give a fuck! and see who means it

Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin
Whats the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you dont do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
Im used to livin big-dog-style and straight coastin

Whats the difference between me and— (*gunshot*)
Xxplosive, West coast shit
My nigga-ish ways attract girls that used to turn they back
Causing me to yank they arm and pose like I would do them harm
Now Im saying Thank you cause they tell me my shits the bomb
Xxplosive
For my niggas drinking Cognac, smoking weed, always pack
More than one firearm, chrome rims, riding on
Chronic in your system, let me know my shits the bomb
Xxplosive

West Coast shit, nigga
Over-dosage, imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch, dont tease, bitch, striptease, bitch
Eat a bowl of these, bitch, gobble a dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick and shut the fuck up (Fuck up, bitch)
Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up. and get my cash (Cash)
Backhanded, pimp-slapped backwards, and left stranded
Just pop your collar, pimp convention, hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce Impala
Pimping hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggas pay for hoes (Hoes) just to lay with hoes (Hoes)
Relax one night and pay to stay with hoes (Hoes)
Captain Save-Em-All-Day (Bitch), well, save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You aint into hittin pussy or hittin a switch
You into hitting bitches off with a grip, you punk bitch

All my real dogs still kick it with me
All my down hoes still tricking with me
All the true gangstas know
Nate aint never love no ho
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checking for me
All the real smokers know
Nate aint passing nothing but dro
Indeed
Real trees
Chronic leaves
No seeds
When I met you last night, baby
Before I blew your mind (Blew, blew, blew your mind)
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more—now that Im sober, you aint that fine, mm-mm
Dont wanna treat you wrong
Dont wanna lead you on
Here, baby, hit the bong
While the West Coast rolls along
(While we) Still making gangsta hits
(You be) Still jockin gangsta dicks
Damn, girl, you think youre slick?
Somebody better get this bitch, this bitch

I got these freaky hoes clapping they hands, stomping they feet
Every now and then, they put they mouth on me
Nowadays, a G like me cant even call it
A 23-year-old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimping bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player: Nowadays, it pays to be
Let me drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave your boy the head and said, Dont let nobody know
A bona fide pro, I had to grab the ho
She got freaky in your sixty-four, I skeeted in her throat
Been knowin the ho for four days, pimpery pays
And I bet you didnt know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the Mo
They be beeping me and shit, but we dont kick it no more
Them hot hoes is fiending, they on the nuts
But bitch, Im out your pussy when I nut, for real

Xxplosive!