Lately Ive been hard to reach
Ive been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me?
Then Im reaching out for you

Im just so fuckin depressed
I just cant seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need somethin to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I dont know how or why or when
I ended up in this position Im in
Im starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just cant admit
Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap
I need a new outlet
And I know some shits so hard to swallow
But I just cant sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact:
Ill be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow, Ill be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But youd have to walk a thousand miles—

In my shoes, just to see
What its like to be me
Ill be you, lets trade shoes
Just to see what itd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each others minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each others eyes

But dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

I think Im starting to lose my sense of humor
Everythings so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature
Of the room, just as soon as
I walk in, its like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
‘Cause if I do that, then it opens a door
For conversation like I want that
Im not lookin for extra attention
I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I dont need no fuckin man servant
Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of em aint even funny, like, Ha!
Marshall, youre so funny, man
You should be a comedian, goddamn!
Unfortunately I am
I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why dont you all sit down?
Listen to the tale Im about to tell
Hell, we dont gotta trade our shoes
And you aint gotta walk no thousand miles—

In my shoes, just to see
What its like to be me
Ill be you, lets trade shoes
Just to see what itd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each others minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each others eyes

But dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands were dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip em, dont expect no help
Now, I couldve either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which Im placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags
And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in in every single place, every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me:
Keep making that face, itll get stuck like that.
Meanwhile, Im just standin there
Holdin my tongue, tryin to talk like this
Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then
‘Cause I wasnt tryin to impress my friends no mo
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
‘Cause where you see it from where youre sittin
Its probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile in each others shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10s
Lets see if you can fit your feet—

In my shoes, just to see
What its like to be me
Ill be you, lets trade shoes
Just to see what itd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each others minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each others eyes

But dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Dont let em say you aint beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

Lately Ive been hard to reach
Ive been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me?
Then Im reaching out for you

Yeah, to my babies: stay strong
Daddyll be home soon
And to the rest of the world: God gave you shoes to fit you
So put em on and wear em, be yourself, man
Be proud of who you are, and even if it sounds corny
Never let no one tell you you aint beautiful
Wheres my snare?
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go
Yeah
Yo, yo

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I have, Ive been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin kid thats behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin
Tempers flarin from parents, just blow em off and keep goin
Not takin nothin from no one, give em hell long as Im breathin
Keep kickin ass in the morning and takin names in the evenin
Leave em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but theyll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet youre prolly sick of me now
Aint you, Mama? Ima make you look so ridiculous now!

Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet (One more time!)
I said Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet (Ha!)

I got some skeletons in my closet and I dont know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
Ima expose it; Ill take you back to 73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father mustve had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I dont, on second thought, I just fuckin wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldnt picture leavin her side
Even if I hated Kim, Id grit my teeth and Id try
To make it work with her at least for Hailies sake, I maybe made some mistakes
But Im only human, but Im man enough to face em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause Ida killed em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
Its my life, Id like to welcome yall to The Eminem Show

Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet (One more time!)
I said Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet (Uh)

Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
Take a second to listen fore you think this record is dissin
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin your mama poppin prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin that someones always goin through her purse and shits missin
Goin through public housing systems, victim of Münchausens Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasnt
Til I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach, doesnt it?
Wasnt it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?
But guess what, youre gettin older now, and its cold when youre lonely
And Nathans growin up so quick, hes gonna know that youre phony
And Hailies gettin so big now, you should see her, shes beautiful
But youll never see her, she wont even be at your funeral (Ha-ha!)
See, what hurts me the most is you wont admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin yourself that you was a mom!
But how dare you try to take what you didnt help me to get?!
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin burn in hell for this shit!
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? (Hehe)
Well, guess what? I am dead—dead to you as can be!

Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet (One more time!)
I said Im sorry, Mama
I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight Im cleanin out my closet
Cause sometimes you just feel tired
Yo, left, yo, left
Feel weak and when you feel weak
Yo, left, right, left
You feel like you wanna just give up
Yo, left, yo left
But you gotta search within you
Yo, left, right, left
Try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you
Yo, left, yo left
And get that motivation to not give up
Yo, left, right, left
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad
Yo, left, yo left
You wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse
Yo, left, right, left

Til I collapse Im spillin these raps long as you feel em
Til the day that I drop youll never say that Im not killin em
‘Cause when I am not, then Ima stop pennin em
And I am not hip-hop and Im just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when Ima stop sendin em?
Women are caught in webs, spin em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin to stop
Amoxicillins just not real enough
The criminal, cop-killin, hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
Youre comin with me, feel it or not
Youre gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin up?
Fa shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck

Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

Music is like magic, theres a certain feelin you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it cause you may never get it again
So while youre in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when its at its end
Cause Im at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, heres the order of my list that its in
It goes: Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry Im the cause of a lot of envy
So when Im not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
Thats why you see me walk around like nothings botherin me
Even though half you people got a fuckin problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The presss wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me!

Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MCs heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And its absurd how people hang on every word
Ill probly never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But Ill never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin could ever be worse
Thats why Im clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic I act like Im an addict
I rap like Im addicted to smack, like Im Kim Mathers
But I dont wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack Im launchin at em
The track is on some battlin raps, who wants some static?
‘Cause I dont really think that the fact that Im Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if Im not the baddest, so

Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Til the roof comes off, til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
Til my legs give out, cant shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
Ima rip this shit til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

Until the roof, until the roof
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Until my legs, until my legs
Give out from underneath me
I, I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me
Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes

Its like Im in this
Dirt, digging up old hurt, tried everything
To get my mind off you, it wont work, all it takes
Is one song on the radio, youre right back on it, reminding me
All over again how you fucking just brushed me off and left me
So burnt, spent a lot of time tryna soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first, well, looks like I hit a
Growth spurt, but Im coming for closure
Dont suppose an explanation Im owed for the way that you
Turned your back on me just when I may have needed you most, oh
You thought it was over? You could just close the chapter
And go about your life like it was nothing, you ruined mine
But you seem to be doing fine, well, Ive never recovered
But tonight I bet you that what youre bout to go throughs tougher
Than anything I ever have suffered, cant think of a better way
To define poetic justice, can I hold grudges?
Mind saying, Let it go, fuck this, hearts saying, I will
Once I bury this bitch alive, hide the shovel and then drive of
In the sunset

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but its easier to justify
Whats bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch!
Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit
Thought some time would pass and Id forget it? Forget it!
You left our family in shambles
And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed?
May be gone but hes not forgotten
And dont think ‘cause hes been out the picture
So long that Ive stopped the plotting and still aint coming to get ya
Youre wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played hims same shit you did to me, cold
Have you any idea the shit that Ive gone through?
Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to?
Not once you call to ask me how Im doing
Letters, you dont respond to em
Fuck it, Im coming to see you
And, gee, who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage, and Im bout to take it out on you
Poof, then Im gone, voosh

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through
Oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can see the truth, but its easier to justify
Whats bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)
I just hate to be the bad guy
(Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un)

Ive been driving around your side of this town
Like nine fricking hours and forty-five minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like Ive been waiting on this moment all of my life
And its now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and Im ducking on the side of your house
See, its sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment
To come and see ya, but I aint here for your empathy
I dont need your apology or your friendship or sympathy
Its revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential—I peeked
Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep
Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak
All the way round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldnt be that easy to do this
You dont plan for intruders beforehand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, dag, almost hack-up a lung
Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan
Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans
Ironys spectacular, huh? Now whos a faggot, you punk?
And heres your Bronco hat
You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck
Its just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it
Were in a car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric
Im the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, heres a sequel to my
Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy
Hows this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun!
Last album now, ‘cause after this youll be officially done
Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell
Bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since youre in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck
The best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, time is quite near
Hope we dont get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess ninety on the freeway wasnt the brightest idea, as cops appear in my drivers side mirror
(Oh, God! Police! Aaaghh!)
Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan, Stan!
Slim: Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car
Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge
Ha ha, big bro, its for you; Slim, this is for him
And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good
Now say you hate homos again!
Part 2: Produced by StreetRunner

I also represent
Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
Im the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in
Im your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
Nope, its hopeless, Im the denial that youre hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that its over, here we go all over again
Backs to the wall, Im stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause Im talking a lot of
Shit but Im backing it all up
But in my head theres a voice in the back and it hollers
After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience
Im the ringing in your ears
Im the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal cords after your concerts
Im your time thats almost up that you havent acknowledged
Grab for some water
But Im that pill thats too jagged to swallow
Im the bullies you hate that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on ya, every woman you insult
Batter, but the double-standard you have
When it comes to your daughters
I represent everything you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rappers persona
Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stans just symbolic
Of you not knowing what you had til its gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam
No more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them
Im the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
Im the future thats here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you dont stop after they call ya
Biggest laughing stock of rap who cant call it quits
When its time to walk away, Im every guilt trip
The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions
If theres anything you have left to say
Less it makes an impact, then dont bother
So fore you rest your case
Better make sure youre packing a wallop
So, one last time, Im back
Fore it fades into black and its all over
Behold the final chapter in a saga
Tryna recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice, the magic that started
It all, tragic portrait of an artist
Tortured, trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts blacker and darker
Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark
Uh, as we pick up where the last Mathers left off
And I started from the bottom
Like a snowman—ground-up
Like round chuck, and still put hands on you
Stayin wound up is how I spend time (Get it?)
Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes
I just got that air about me like wind chimes (Yeah)
Nother day in the life (Uh)
Used to have to scrape to get by (Yeah)
Now my communitys gated and I
Made it and my neighbors say hi (Say hi)
Im givin em pounds, Im upscale now
Guess it means Im way in the sky (Way in the sky)
But I still remember the days of
Minimum wage for general labor
Welfare recipient since a minor
Look how government assistance has made ya!
Adversity, if at first you dont succeed
Put your temper to more use
Cause bein brokes a poor excuse
That should only give you more fuel
Show em why youre you
So close, God, its like I almost got it
But close only counts in time bombs and horseshoes
So I Unabomb shit—tick, tick, tick—no remorse, pew!
Screw it, Im lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick
Thats why they call me firecracker
I grew up on WIC—wick, wick, wick—with a short fuse
I got some important news to report to
Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite
Spotlights back on, got my faith, wheres yours?

Do you still believe in me?
Didnt I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
Ill never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
Ill never quit, do you still believe in me?

Man, I know sometimes
These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
To me theyre just ink blots
I just fling em like slingshots and so precise
So you might wanna think it over twice (Yeah)
Or you retards can roll the dice
But beef will at least cost you your career
Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced
But this middle fingers free as a bird
Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth
Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned
How to incorporate a curse
Point it towards corporate America
Stick a fork in and turn
Cause four-letter words are more better heard
The world force-fed a turd to me, youre getting yours
But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it
I was there consolin you when no one knew it
When your situation showed no improvement
I was that door, you walked over to it
Im the light at the end of the tunnel
So people are always lookin to me as theyre goin through it
When that tunnel vision is unclear
Shit becomes too much to bear
Since Cleanin Out My Closet
When I was havin trouble with the snare
Im that unrealistic prayer answered
And Ima get you jacked up like youre tryna fix a flat, uh
When you struggle with despair
That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair
Of nuts Im cuppin, I am your fuck it switch, nothin can compare

Do you still believe in me?
Didnt I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
Ill never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
Ill never quit, do you still believe in me?

Started from the bottom like a snowman
Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that
But my batterys low, Ima need a boost to my pack
And I know that I always got Proof at my back
I called you Proof because I knew for a fact
My ace in the hole, homie, Im callin on you
Cause I think Im slowly startin to lose faith in it, so
Give me that inkling and mo–
–tivation to go, Hussein with the flow
Fake fans that are two-faced didnt show
Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul
Layin vocals two days in a row
True statement, hate to go down this road
But theres only one route to cross this bridge
So I walk in this bitch with loose change
Cause all my dues paid, but this booths takin its toll
But its never too late to start a new beginnin
That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon do?
Use the tools youre given!
Or youre gon use the cards youre dealt
As an excuse for you to not do shit with em?
I used to play the loser/victim
Til I saw the way Proof was driven
I found my vehicle and I havent ran out of gas yet
And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets
Fanny packs, hourglasses
If time was on my side, Id still have none to waste
Man, in my younger days
That dream was so much fun to chase
Its like Id run in place
While this shit dangled in front of my face
But how do you keep up the pace
And the hunger pangs once youve won the race?
When that dual exhaust is coolin off
Cause you dont got nothin left to prove at all
Cause you done already hit em with the coup de grâce
Still you feel the need to go full tilt
That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill
When that wheels loose, I wont lose will
Do you still believe?
Now this shits about to kick off, this party looks wack
Lets take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
Im bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
Thats why my pen needs a pad, cause my rhymes on the rag
Just like I did with addiction, Im bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell em, Stick it!
So sick, Im looking pale—wait, thats my pigment
Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Lets bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch!
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I dont mean Stimpys friend, bitch
Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

Were gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
Cause its mayhem til the A.M
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, Fuck it! before we kick the bucket
Lifes too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berserk)
Grab your vial, yeah

Guess its just the way that Im dressed, aint it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it aint that aftershave
Or cologne that made em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your bodys bangin, jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree Bob, I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kids rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowin up a valve, v-v-valve-valve
Aint slowin it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel-towel
Dumb it down, I dont know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I dont know
Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
Hope so, now ho

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

Were gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
Cause its mayhem til the A.M
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, Fuck it! before we kick the bucket
Lifes too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk)
Get your vinyls


And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh
Sorry, yo—we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, thats the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I aint got no money to borrow
But I am tryin to find a way to get you alone: car note
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangols and Carheartless Cargos
Girl, youre fixin to get your heart broke
Dont be absurd, maam, you birdbrain, baby
I aint called anybody baby since Birdman, unless youre a swallow (Ha-ha!)
Word, Rick? (Word, man, you heard)
But dont get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

Were gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
Cause its mayhem til the A.M
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, Fuck it! before we kick the bucket
Lifes too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berserk)
Grab your vial, yeah

Were gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
Cause its mayhem til the A.M
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, Fuck it! before we kick the bucket
Lifes too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk)
Get your vials
Yeah, yeah, sick
(d.a. got that dope)

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID; what?)
You get em right off the bat (You get em right off the bat; yeah)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (You took a bite off of that; damn)
And it goes from martian to human (From martian to human; yeah)
Thats how the virus attacks (Thats how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (At me with machine guns; brr)
Like trying to fight off a gnat

Still stackin my chips, hoes
Higher than Shaq on his tiptoes
Atop the Empire State Buildin
This shit is like childs play, childrеn
I will anni-nihilate, kill them
Ill fuck around and pile еight million
Dead little juveniles, wait, chill, then
Ill await my trial date til then (What?)
Aint nothin you say could ever trump (Nah), mic, pencil get killed (Yeah)
If youre hypersensitive, I wasnt referencin the vice president, chill (Chill)
I mean my penmanship at times tends to get ill, violence but with skill
Thats why I hence when I write ends up with the mic and pencil gettin killed (Haha, yeah, hold up)
And Im still ride or die for the squad (Yeah)
So you know which side that Im on
If a battle lines ever drawn, but if I get involved
Itll be like K9s in a brawl
But not similar to Mike Vick at all
Cause even if I dont have a dog in the fight
They aint never gonna get rid of the fight in the dog (Fight in the dog)
Got stripes like a tiger, so you might get mauled, a mic in the palms
Like claws, I can swing right for your jaw
And rip it off with one swipe of the paw
Bitch, you still on my dick or nah? (Nah)
If I suck, your wife is a straw (Straw)
Im sick and Im not gonna cover my mouth next time that I cough cause

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID; what?)
You get em right off the bat (You get em right off the bat; yeah)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (You took a bite off of that; damn)
And it goes from martian to human (From martian to human; yeah)
Thats how the virus attacks (Thats how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (At me with machine guns; brr)
Like trying to fight off a gnat (Like trying to fight off a gnat; yeah, yeah)

And d.a. got that dope he sends to me (Uh-huh)
Its like pneumonia symptoms and contracting COVID instantly
Which is what separates my flow from theirs
So that no one gets even close to this to pose a risk to me
So vocalistically (What?), thats social distancing (Yeah)
Flow going viral, you best stay strapped
With that Lysol and get way back (Shh)
Get that Pine-Sol and that Ajax
Cause this dry cough is just like football umpires callin a playback
Bitch, back the fuck up like fifteen yards, these rhymes call for a face mask (Face mask)
Nother fourteen-day quarantine, theyre cordoning off everything
This shit lookin like a horror scene, like me metaphorically (Damn)
Cause them stay-at-home orders seem
Like they just keep getting more extreme
Who knows when this nightmare will end (Marilyn)? Like Monroe, Norma Jean (Norma Jean)
Still got that heroin lyrical drip with that morphine and that Thorazine
Cause Im so fuckin dope (Dope) and youre a fiend
And thats the one thing that hasnt changed (Nope)
For some semblance of normalcy
But I might need that Hydrochloroquine cause I got that (Yeah)
The Dark Horse, Im a knight-mare
Mom fed me Valium like air (Mmm)
Thought thats why they called it a high chair (Woah)
I got a contact like eyewear (Woah)
Wait a minute, bitch, let me lie here (Uh)
20/20 hindsight in my side mirror
Every year, you drop the ball like Times Square
My hair trigger whenever I get an ideas
Like, fuck, now my name rings out like a sponge mop
And my drip was a drop
In the bucket, so that gun shot
You just heard just now in that one spot
Just came from the nine mil that I just got
Thats big bucks and I got a full money clip and Im loaded
I aint even mean to go the fuck off
And Im still totally inappropriate with an opiate
Groping it while Im holding it like a trophy
Im hoping a little codeinell get me ODin
Woah, everything is slow, I begin to floating
I know that Im getting loaded, the pen exploded
Hiroshima with the flows, a utopia
With the dope, Im an OG, Im like the G.O.A.T.​
Here to get your goat little bit of sodium, its assault (A salt)
When Im at the podium, at your throat, holy camoly
Im in the zone with the shit Im on
Get Imodium and a commode because nobodys even close
Youre petroleum to plutonium, youre a phony
Im at the crib with your ho
Got her at the pole like voting with no clothing
Stripped down to a toe ring and here we go with the gloating
Ive got my nose in the air like a Boeing
Then I got into a little bit of an argument with her
So I took a little lick of a Klonopin at dinner
Then I hit her with the motherfucking ottoman and bit her
Then I shot her in the liver, delivered her to the bottom of the river (Dope)
But Im probably gon jump in the water with her
With a wad of money cause I got a lot of it
And when it come to drippin, I be soppin like a hundred mile an hour
Never runnin out of either one of em, I gotta get it cause

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID; what?)
You get em right off the bat (You get em right off the bat; yeah)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (You took a bite off of that; damn)
And it goes from martian to human (From martian to human; yeah)
Thats how the virus attacks (Thats how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (At me with machine guns; brr)
Its like trying to fight off a gnat (Fight off a gnat)
I dont wanna be alone, I dont wanna be
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Here I am, alone again
Cant get out of this hole Im in
Its like the walls are closin in
You cant help me, no one can
I can feel these curtains closin
I go to open em
But something pulls em closed again
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Feels like Im loathing in Las Vegas
Havent got the vaguest why Im so lost
But Id make you this small wager
If I bet you Ill be in tomorrows paper
Who would the odds favor?
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Im so much like my father, you would think that I knew him
I keep pacin this room, Valium, then chase it with booze
One little taste, itll do
Maybe Ill take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Fuck the Colt 45, Ima need somethin stronger
If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka
Round after round after round, Im gettin loaded (Haha)
Thats a lot of shots, huh? (Double entendre)
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I dont wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Now Im starin at the room service menu off a benzo
I can hear the music continue to crescendo
I can see the whole fuckin venue from my window
Thats when you know youre schizo (Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Cause I keep peekin out the curtain from the hotel
The music is so loud
But its almost as though I dont hear no sound
I should get ready for the show now
Wait, is this the whole crowd? I thought this shit was sold out
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
But its only the opening act, its early, dont overreact
Then something told me relax
And just hope for the show to be packed
Dont wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max
Cause thatd be totally wack
You cant murder a show nobodys at (Hello darkness, my old friend)
But what if nobody shows? Panic mode
Bout to snap and go motherfuckin wacko at any second
Bout to cancel the show just as fans below rush the entrance
Plan is a go to wreck shit, cameras in all directions (Hello, darkness, my old friend)
The press is bout to go ape shit, bananas on all the networks
Commando with extra clips, I got ammo for all the hecklers
Im armed to the teeth, another Valium, fall off the bed
Hit the ground and crawl to the dresser
Alcohol on my breath as I reach for the scope
Im blackin out, Im all out of meds
With them benzodiazepines gone
Now its just magazines sprawled out on the floor
Fuck the media, Im goin all out, this is war
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I dont wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore (Hello, darkness, my old friend)

People start to show up, time to start the show up
Its 10:05 PM and the curtain starts to go up
And Im already sweatin, but Im locked and loaded
For rapid fire spittin for all the concert-goers
Scopes for sniper vision, surprise from out of nowhere
As I slide the clip in from inside the hotel
Leanin out the window, going Keyser Söze
Finger on the trigger, but Im a licensed owner
With no prior convictions, so law says skys the limit
So my supplys infinite, strapped like Im a soldier
Got em hopping over walls and climbing fences
Some of them John Travolta, staying alive by inches
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Cops are knockin, oh fuck, thought I blocked the entrance
Guess show time is over
No suicide note, just a note for target distance
But if youd like to know the reason why I did this
Youll never find a motive, truth is I have no idea
I am just as stumped, no signs of mental illness
Just tryin to show ya the reason why were so fucked
Cause by the time its over, wont make the slightest difference
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness
I dont wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Yeah, we do have some breaking news from the Associated Press right now
Just gonna bring that up because we are hearing—
We have told you that the shooter is dead
And we have just learned that police are saying that the Las Vegas shooter killed himself
That is the bartender there at Mandalay Bay and I believe were going to hear more from her
Yeah, we just wanted to share that with you
You can see behind me here, this is what he looks like
Now we did just tell you that police just earlier...
Metro was telling us that he killed himself inside the hotel room
Good morning, as we come to you on the air
We bring you breaking news, a school shooting (Crushing news)
Another school shooting (Eleven people dead)
Reports of a number of fatalities, and this time it is in Santa Fe, Texas
That is just outside Galveston (That no one saw coming)
A mass shooting a Southern Californian school (A suspect has been...)
We are following breaking news this morning
Another deadly school shooting
This one in Santa Fe, Texas, thats just outside Houston
Twenty-six killed and twenty others wounded (Houston affiliate is reporting)
At least nine people have been killed (Somber words, making it the deadliest shooting in Texas history)
Five people dead
The attacker opening fire outside the church during a morning worship session
He unloaded the chaotic and terror, making his way inside (Five people killed in a workplace shooting, dozens of officers)
This, a deadly shooting at a food festival in Northern California
Three people so far dead
Breaking news (Fifteen wounded)
A deadly shooting at a newspaper office in Annapolis (A gunman opened fire)
Newly-released surveillance video shows the moments leading up to a mass shooting in Dayton, Ohio
Authorities say the shooter...
Tell em, if they want it
They can come get that (Static)
I! swear I love my city
I just want less (Static)
S!ee me, they salute me
They aint ready for that (Static)
D!etroit vs. Everybody

Uh
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise
And now things changin a lot, he fuck with my authority
Then he shall see shells, but not by the seashore if he gangbangin or not
Its simple as the alphabet, he F with me
That G shall surely see, he definitely as bout it
As retail fraud, hes weak, the honest gesture
The trigger finger round the diamond tester, we tell flaw with heat
The same soldier, its me, myself and I
Ridin round shootin my biopic in my autobiography Range Rover
This aint the squash beef state
You thinkin make-up, we thinkin Lark Voorhies face
The twin Eaglesll air his coupe, might as well ride by in an ambulance
My pairll shoot, like skydivin in Hammer pants
So call it sibling rivalry
Take his life; call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin a grudge is like
Lettin somebody just live inside of your head rent-free (Real talk!)
I dont got time to evict these clowns
Yall niggas been bitches, thats none of my business, but I dont sip tea (Thats Nickel)
Ridin round his block
All he know is pitfalls, thats why he always climbin out his drop
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die?
(Welcome to Detroit, motherfucka!) (Sean Don)

Boy, I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety
Hundred percent cut; no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit, where if you get that promotion
Dont worry, man, them bullets will still be at your ass firin (Brr, brr)
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin
Boy, I hit the beat, and just treat that shit like a diary
Im offended if you hear my new shit and you aint rewindin me
Self-made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see
Im never callin collect, I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy, so I put my dog in the Vette (Swerve)
Ahh! Plus Im so loyal that that paper, boy, is all that I fetch
If the ball in my hand, then the ball in the net (Net)
Bitch, Im the D, cant no offense dunk on me (Me)
Im Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me (Me)
Im over-respected
My mama gated communitys overprotective
So futuristic, Im already over my next bitch
Reminiscin on listenin to 50 fifty times a day
Back when tenth grade was like fifty days away
Tryna get paid fifty ways a day
Used to put fifty on the layaway
Now my closet fifty shades of grey
26, and I done lived a lifetime a few times
From futons to Grey Poupons
In church, tryna get a little savings, yeah, a coupon (God)
I spit that A1 every day, Im hittin new primes
Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines
Takin down my number, like, You still aint got a new line?
(You still aint got a new line?)
Nah, its the same, we been laborin for years
I know it took way longer than nine months
But fuck it, its all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach, with dreams of bein a Beatle
Dont want to, I need to, ya gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When you come up in a place
Where everyone got a piece but aint peaceful
This is just part one, wait til the sequel (Lets go,) il bitch!

Tell em, if they want it
They can come get that (Static)
I swear I love my city
I just want less (static)
See me, they salute me
They aint ready for that (static)
Detroit vs. Everybody

Comin from them streets where they thirsty, starvin to eat
Just a step away from failin, thats why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets
‘Cause Im a Linwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya
Put a stack on your head, youll bleed a lake on Grand River
If you think your hood harder, then I might beg to differ
Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
If the blicka hit ya kisser, bet yo ass not rememberin
They say my citys tougher than two fat bitches scissorin
So, nigga, Im a veteran, retire my letterman
Have Ks in front of your school, but I aint goin to Kettering
Cough up a lung, 313 where Im from
Xan got me cross-eyed like Bernstein’s son
Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top
Its us vs. them, Detroit vs. Everybody

Lately it seems as if its me against
The world, like it was before my life became a movie and they used to use my mothafuckin trailer to tease me with
But I flipped that script like a refill of
Painkillers to pop the lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing, Navy SEAL of bravery
And if I may reiterate, I aint even need a script
Aint bein conceited, but I made it to radio—eat a dick!
I still never ABC this shit
Mainstream appeal, but the skill is what made me iller
Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla
I was daydreamin one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin these streets
I swear that I would stay here still
And if Im crazy, Ill always be real
Dont make me steal an eighteen-wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here
And take em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from
On a rampage too crazy for me to flip
Whats makin you think I need a switch?
‘Cause Im Adrian Peterson
When hes ragin and heated and
On the way to go beat his kid?
On a track get spanked like he just did
(Detroit!) I cant never leave this bitch
Sick of bein treated like we aint shit
But Jesus, I can see just why people quit callin me
To do features and them cyphers on BET, ‘cause if
I wasnt me I probly wouldnt
Wanna play with me neither, shit
Seems to be reachin its fever pitch
Hundred and eighty degrees in here
Shoulder blade full of cedar chips
MCs just bit off more than they can chew
Like a face full of Swedish Fish
Or Lorena with two penises
Hateful and geniusness inconvenience
And for the record, you dont want this type of static
In your life, when Im makin you cling to it
May consider tryna reinsulate your windows
May be in for another crazy winter
‘Cause so cold in the D, it is
As days begin to tick away, but aint this really
What made me into the angry bitter blonde?
But aint we sick of bein underdogs?
Dont make me unleash this shit, release this pit
May even seem as if Im yankin your chain a bit
Or maybe the way in which Im sayin shit
Is playin with you, but aint shit changin
Its still the same shit and Shadys still a lady killer
Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter
With a potato peeler
And mushed her face into the entertainment center
Its like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
Or the Bermuda Triangle and
Attempted to make a safe descent
Awaiting anyone who aint affiliated, it could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters fore you came here? And if they mention us…

Tell em, if they want it
They can come get that (static)
I swear I love my city
I just want less (static)
See me, they salute me
They aint ready for that (static)
Detroit vs. Everybody

What up though? Its the godfather Trick Trick
You either ridin with us or gettin rolled on
That means Detroit vs. Everybody!!
Hey, Em, let me get that instrumental
Take it down to the hood
Let the little homies get this remix crackin!
Detroit! Okay!
(Photoshoot!)
You know, everybodys been tellin me
What they think about me for the last few months
Its too loud
Maybe its time I tell em what I think about them
Cant hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
Its too loud
Three’s not a crowd all up in it
Slow fire

Dont fall on my face
Dont fall on my faith, oh
Dont fall on my fate
Dont fall on my faith, oh
Dont fall on my fate
Dont fall on my–

Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, Im already late, I got a marathoners pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre
In that first marijuana tape—guess I got a chronic case (Yeah)
And I aint just blowin smoke, less its in your mommas face
I know this time Paul and Dre
They wont tell me what not to say (Nope!)
And though me and my party days
Have all pretty much parted ways
Youd swear to God I forgot Im the guy that made Not Afraid
One last time for Charlamagne
If my response is late, its just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin radar, Im so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, theyre mockin JAY
Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake
Maybe I just dont know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate, I call it Walk-on-Water-Gate
Ive had as much as I can tolerate
Im sick and tired of waitin, I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You wanted Shady? You got him!

Dont fall on my face (Yeah)
Dont fall on my faith, oh
Dont fall on my fate (Line em up!)
Dont fall on my faith, oh (Rrr!)
Dont fall on my fate (Look)

Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body bag get zipped
The closest thing hes had to hits is smackin bitches (Pump it up!)
And dont make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, Ill have you twisted
Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin at the telly
Even when Im gettin brain, youll never catch me with a thot
Lacking with it, He aint spittin like this on his last shit
Ho, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin Ill slow or let up
Call it trap cause its a total setup
Hopin that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, Hold your head up!—Kathy Griffin
Stackin ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition
This is how I shot ahead (Pew)—Gabby Gifford
My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business
Tyler create nothin, I see why you called yourself a ******, bitch
Its not just cause you lack attention
Its because you worship D12s balls, youre sack-religious
If youre gonna critique me
You better at least be as good or better
Get Earl the Hooded Sweater
Whatever his name is to help you put together
Some words, more than just two letters
The fans waited for this moment like that feature
When I stole the show (Ha), sorry if I took forever (Ha-ha)

Dont fall on my face (Yeah)
Dont fall on my faith, oh (I wont)
Dont fall on my fate (Line em up!)
Dont fall on my faith, oh (Ha)
Dont fall on my fate (Its too easy)

Just remember, I was here before you
And Ill be here after you make your run-in for you
Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine (Yeah)
Increase the dose, from least to most
And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves
They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate em, get em there, get a name to MC the show
Every parasite needs a host (Ha-ha)
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no ones ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word to everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats (Yeah)
And I got no faith in your writers, I dont believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer (Huh)
A beacon of hope, put a B-I-R-D in the air
Somewhere some kid is bumpin this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
Thats who Im doin it for, the rest I dont really even care
But you would think Im carryin an Oxford dictionary in my pocket
How Im buryin these artists
On a scale of turnt youre minus
Mine says very, yours says hardly
And whats scary is you probly can compare me to your car cause Im just barely gettin started (Woo)
And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or Ill show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home (Yeah)
I belong here, clown! Dont tell me bout the culture!
I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the
Seans, the K-Dots, the 59s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan
But Im not gonna fall… bitch! (Yeah)

Its too loud
Cant hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
Its too loud
Three’s not a crowd all up in it
Slow fire
Yeah
Tryna figure out the difference
But I think—think the lines are starting to get blurred

Im in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like Im caged in these chains and restraints
Grimmin every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
‘Cause Im mentally rearrangin his face
I need a change of pace
‘Cause the pace Im workin ats dangerous
Theres nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads cold turkey
And started slowly roastin em
‘Cause thats where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings
I feel like I play for the Saints
I just wanna hurt you—aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanyes, Jays, Waynes, and the Drakes
Im frustrated ‘cause aint no more NSync, now Im all out of whack
Im all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
Im goin all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is, Im strapped for battle
Suck a duck, crawl out the back—its a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal
And beware of bar stools flyin through the air and bottles breakin, mirrors also
And I aint stoppin til the swear jars full
You done called every woman a slut but youre forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)
Oh, my bad, slut! And next time I show up to court
Ill be naked and just wear a law suit
Judge be like, Thats sharp
How much that motherfucker cost you, smart-ass?
Youre lucky I dont tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker!
Youre so fuckin gravy, Marshall, I should start callin you au jus
‘Cause alls you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo
Evil Twin, take this beat now, its all you
I believe people can change but only for the worse
I coulda changed the world if it wasnt for this verse—so satanic
K-Mart chains panic ‘cause they cant even spin back the curse words
‘Cause theyre worse when theyre reversed, motherfucker
Rekcufrehtom! (Rape your mother)— Tihs! (Kill your parents)
And these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screamin, Fuck! Shit! Fuck!
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out, I was like, Merits?
Fuck that! Id rather be loud, and I like swearin
From the first album even the gals were like, Tight lyrics, dreamy eyes!
But my fuckin mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums often as I can and skim through all them bitches to make sure I keep up with my competition (Haha)
Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius whos bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where Im at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first, then ignore the replies

Theres darkness closing in (Evil twin), there it goes again (My evil twin)
It controls my pen (My evil twin), but that aint me, its my evil twin
(Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)
But hes just a friend (Evil twin) who pops up now and again (Evil twin)
So dont blame me (Evil twin), blame him, its my evil twin
(Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So whos left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah, F with Christina
I aint fuckin with either Jessica neither: Simpson or Alba
My albums just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve, or
Extra Strength Tylenol 3s
Feel like Im burnin to death, but Im freezin
Bedridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again, like the legend of Heath-uh-
Ledger
My suicide notes barely legible; read the
Bottom, its signed by the Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
Shell sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch! Give up my dick for pussy?
Ill be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
Golly wolly, I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 19946 Dresden it was definitely in my destiny
When on the steps, I met DeShaun at Osborn
Id never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap
Used to mop floors, flip burgers, and wash dishes
While I wrote rhymes, tryna get props for em
‘Cause I took book smarts and swapped for em
They were sleepin, I made em stop snorin
Made em break out the popcorn
Now Ive been hip hop in its tip-top form
Since N.W.A was blarin through my car windows
Leanin on the horn, screamin, Fuck the police, like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top five, bitch, Im top four
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin
So who the fuck you think that third and that fourth spots for?
And crazy as I am, Im much tamer than him, and Im nuts
Then again, who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no ones insaner than Slim, look at that (Evil grin)
(Evil twin) please come in; what was your name again?
Hi! Faggot
Look whos back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear, and a ball of hair
And youre all aware I dont got it all upstairs
Guess thats why Im an addict and its so small up there
Peace to Whitney
Jeez, just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
‘Cause Im so sick of bein the truth
I wish someoned finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, Jo-
-se Baez couldnt beat this rap—O.J., no
Hooray, Im off the hook like Casey Anthony, hey ho (Hey ho!)
I sound like Im tryna sing the fuckin chorus to Hip Hop Hooray
No, I’m hollerin, you got bottom-end like an 8-0-8
And I (base) whether were fuckin off that instead of your face so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho? Slow dancin or bowling?
You tryin to hold hands with your homie?
What, you think Im lookin for romance ‘cause Im lonely?
Change that tune, you aint got a remote chance to control me
Ho, Im only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman try to fuck me over, it wont hurt
Dont try to fix me, Im broke, so I dont work
So are you, but youre broke ‘cause you dont work
But all bullshit aside, I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced yall to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
‘Cause we are the same
Bitch
A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record
Or what I talk about on a record
That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody
That Im actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that, then Ill kill you
You know why? Cause Im a criminal!
Criminal! Youre goddamn right
Im a criminal! Yeah, Im a criminal!

My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
Thatll stab you in the head, whether youre a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answers yes
Homophobic? Nah, youre just heterophobic
Starin at my jeans, watchin my genitals bulgin (Ooh!)
Thats my motherfuckin balls, youd better let go of em
They belong in my scrotum, youll never get hold of em!
Hey, its me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checkin the mail, get it? Checkin the male?
How many records you expectin to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!)
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wifes sick in the hospital
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher!
You cant reach me, my mom cant neither
You cant teach me a goddamn thing cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you aint able to stop these thoughts
You cant stop me from toppin these charts
And you cant stop me from droppin each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin retards (Duh)
And to think, its just little ol me
Mr. Dont-Give-a-Fuck still wont leave

Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one
Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one

The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Dont dare make fun of that baby, cause that baby was me
Im a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you werent raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drank more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than youd wanna fuck me up for sayin the word—
My morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, dont ignore me, you wont avoid me
You cant miss me: Im white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
Im the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it aint happenin to him
Slim Shady, Im as crazy as Em-
-inem and Kim combined (The maniacs in)
In place of the Doctor cause Dre couldnt make it today
Hes a little under the weather, so Im takin his place (Mm-mm-mmm!)
Oh, thats Dre with an AK to his face
Dont make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you shouldve kept that thang put away
I guess thatll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
Im a criminal!

MEL-MAN: Aight, look
EMINEM: Uh-huh
MEL-MAN: Just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin money and get the fuck up outta there
EMINEM: Aight
MEL-MAN: Ill be right here waitin on you
EMINEM: Aight
MEL-MAN: Yo, Em
EMINEM: What?!
MEL-MAN: Dont kill nobody this time
EMINEM: Awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin nerves!
{*Whistling*} How you doin?
TELLER: Hi, how can I help you?
EMINEM: Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal
TELLER: Okay
EMINEM: Put the fuckin money in the bag, bitch, and I wont kill you!
TELLER: What? Oh my God, dont kill me!
EMINEM: Im not gonna kill you, bitch, quit lookin around
TELLER: Dont kill me, Ive got two kids at home dont kill me!
EMINEM: I said Im not gonna fuckin kill you
TELLER: Dont kill me!
EMINEM: Hurry the fuck up! {*Gunshot*} Thank you!

Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it (Go, go, go!)
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So Ill be disguised in it and if anybody identifies
The guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppys lucky I didnt blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, Id shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin chickens aint brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if its not a rapper that I make it as
Ima be a fuckin rapist in a Jason mask

Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one
Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one

Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one
Im a criminal!
Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think its a crime
To tell em whats on my mind, I guess Im a criminal!
I dont gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
And keep goin, I dont take shit from no one

(I am) Im a criminal!
Ugh, youre a monster

I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and Ill feel like Godzilla
Better hit the deck like the card dealer
My whole squads in here, walking around the party
A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby The
Brain Heenan which is probably the
Same reason I wrestle with mania
Shadys in this bitch, Im possed up
Consider it to cross me a costly mistake
If they sleepin on me, the hoes better get insomnia
ADHD, Hydroxycut
Pass the Courvoisier (Hey, hey)
In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate
Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday (Ayy)
This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A
Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames
They cannot tame or placate the

Monster
You get in my way, Ima feed you to the monster (Yeah)
Im normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
Godzilla, fire spitter, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

Im just a product of Slick Rick and Onyx, told em lick the balls
Had em just appalled, did so many things that pissed em off
Its impossible to list em all
And in the midst of all this
Im in a mental hospital with a crystal ball
Tryna see, will I still be like this tomorrow?
Risperdal, voices whisper
My fist is balled back up against the wall, pencil drawn
This is just the song to go ballistic on
You just pulled a pistol on a guy with a missile launcher
Im just a Loch Ness, the mythological
Quick to tell a bitch screw off like a fifth of vodka
When you twist the top of the bottle, Im a

Monster
You get in my way, Ima feed you to the monster (Yeah)
Im normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
Godzilla, fire spitter, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

If you never gave a damn (Ayy), raise your hand
Cause Im about to set trip, vacation plans
Im on point like my index is, so all you will ever get is
The motherfuckin finger (Finger), prostate exam (Xam)
How can I have all these fans and perspire?
Like a liars pants, Im on fire
And I got no plans to retire and Im still the man you admire
These chicks are spazzin out, I only get more handsome and flyer
I got em passin out like what you do when you hand someone flyers
And what goes around comes around just like the blades on the chainsaw
Cause I caught the flack, but my dollars stacked right off the bat like a baseball
Like Kid Ink, bitch, I got them racks with so much ease that they call me Diddy
Cause I make bands and I call getting cheese a cakewalk (Cheesecake, yeah)
Bitch, Im a player, Im too motherfuckin stingy for Cher
Wont even lend you an ear, aint even pretending to care
But I tell a bitch Ill marry her if shell bury her
Face in my genital area, the original Richard Ramirez
Cristhian Rivera, cause my lyrics never sit well
So they wanna give me the chair
Like a paraplegic, and its scary, call it Hari Kari
Cause ery Tom and Dick and Harry carry a Merriam motherfuckin dictionary on em
Swearing up and down they can spit, this shits hilarious
Its time to put these bitches in the obituary column
We wouldnt see eye to eye with a staring problem
Get the shaft like a steering column (Monster)
Trigger happy, pack heat, but its black ink
Evil half of the Bad Meets
Evil, that means take a back seat
Take it back to Fat Beats with a maxi single
Look at my rap sheet, what attracts these people
Is my Gangsta Bitch like Apache with a catchy jingle
I stack chips, you barely got a half-eaten Cheeto
Fill em with the venom and eliminate em
Other words, I Minute Maid em
I dont wanna hurt em, but I did, Im in a fit of rage
Im murderin again, nobody will evade
Im finna kill em and dump all their fuckin bodies in the lake
Obliterating everything, incinerate a renegade
Im here to make anybody who want it with the pen afraid
But dont nobody want it, but theyre gonna get it anyway
Cause Im beginnin to feel like Im mentally ill
Im Attila, kill or be killed, Im a killer bee, the vanilla gorilla
Youre bringin the killer within me outta me
You dont wanna be the enemy of the demon who entered me
And be on the receivin end of me, what stupidity itd be
Every bit of mes the epitome of a spitter
When Im in the vicinity, motherfucker, you better duck
Or you finna be dead the minute you run into me
A hundred percent of you is a fifth of a percent of me
Im bout to fuckin finish you, bitch, Im unfadable
You wanna battle, Im available, Im blowin up like an inflatable
Im undebatable, Im unavoidable, Im unevadable
Im on the toilet bowl, I got a trailer full of money and Im paid in full
Im not afraid to pull a—

Man, stop
Look what Im plannin, haha
Motherfuckers talkin crazy (Yeah)
Sayin’ I should quit (Ah)
I fuckin tell em make me (Bitch)
Eat a fuckin’ dick (Yeah)
Im feelin like the greatest (Woo!)
On the beat who ever did it
Mike WiLL the one who made it
Its Shady on the lyrics

Im somewhat outlandish they say
You say were cut from the same cloth
But I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints
Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin
At anything that may stand in they way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, Im a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my CAT scan that day (Yeah!)
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray
I’m turnin’ back to a madman, cant take
Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage
My basal ganglia’s an A to the K
Get your ass sprayed like bidets
Breakin your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist
You chumps dont even know how to do somethin
To give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin’ you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat
Or you had them choked up, youd be yankin my chain (Ayy)
Feelin like Im headed for the padded cell, the
Bar for me when I rap isnt fair but
Guess thats the standard Im held to
But if somethin like that doesnt tell ya
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure (Yeah)
Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper
Cause, damn it, Im still the

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But Im the greatest

So you sold ten million albums, eh? (What?)
Only problem is, you put out ten million albums, eh? (Haha! Wait)
What was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know theres people that are pissed about the way
I mispronounced a name, DIE ANTWOORD!
Fuck, I still cant say this shit, but how quickly they forget
Who the fuck I was; now Ninja try to duck my slugs
You let ya girl get fucked by Muggs
Id like to give a shout to Cypress (Woo!)
This cant be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin to
Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book
No more shiners, already too much time took
And rappers I hear you talkin shit
Im just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window
Somebody better child-proof it
Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit
You dont got the tools I got in my toolkit (Bitch!)
I bullshit you not, yall fools just forgot
That Im so fuckin awful with the thoughts
And when Im hostile and impossible to stop
So you can call it a nostril cause its not gonna ever
Ill never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop
Cause Im wipin up everyone in this genre
Cause on the mic I feel like Im the

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But Im the greatest

Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (What?)
Is youre one dimension
Im a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
And I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin, gotta strut like a front suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (Yeah)
Psychopath, Michael Jacks blowin up like a raft
I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag
Bet you I come back twice as bad (Uh)
Revival didnt go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that, Im finna hit back
Til I run out of gunpowder and split the scene
Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips are the clips, got the sig lit like its nicotine
Trigger me and Slim gets mean (Brr!)
Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes
Thats why I call the motherfuckers M16s (Woo!)
Float like a butterfly, Im gonna sting like a bee
You aint harmin a thing
I hit a ding hard as Im gonna swing
Im gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band
You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
Anomaly, Im Muhammad Ali
Cause I knew one day (Hey!) Im gonna be the

Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
No lie, I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest
Woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white
But Im the greatest
Feels like a close, its coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
Its too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same old song
Ever since I came along
From the day the song called “Hi! My Name Is” dropped
Started thinking my name was Fault
‘Cause any time things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the equivalent
Of a modern-day Genghis Khan
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog
Gangster? Nah, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said Im way too soft
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws
And the fangs been out since then
But up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me
That I wouldnt amount to a shit stain, I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught
Do I really belong in this game?, I pondered
I just wanna play my part
Should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain the tug of war wages on
And I dont wanna seem ungrateful
Or disrespect the art form I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta take a loss
And have people rub it in your face
Before you get made pissed off
And keep plugging, its your only outlet
And your only outfit, so you know they gonna talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it… ah
Feel like Ive already said this a kabillion 80 times
How many times can I say the same thing
Different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna say is, if theres anyone else that can relate to my story, bet you feel the same way I felt
When I was in the same place you are, when I was afraid to—

I was a, afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out
Afraid Id never be found (My dreams)
I didnt wanna go another round (Yeah)
An angry mans power will shut you up (Agh!)
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run (Yeah)

Guts over fear (The time is near)
Guts over fear (Might shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
I let you keep me down (Now I got)
Guts over fear, guts over fear

Feels like a close, its coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
Its too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

I know what it was like, I was there once
Single parents, hate your appearance
As you struggle to find your place in this world
And the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasnt til I put the pain in song
Learned who to aim it on that I made a spark
Started to spit harder shit
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying I gave a fuck
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone
And the lights go out in that trailer park? Oh
And the window is closing and theres nowhere else that I can go with flows and Im frozen
‘Cause theres no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun
So, to the break of dawn, here I go recycling the same old song
But Id rather make “Not Afraid 2”
Than make another motherfucking “We Made You,” ah
Now, I dont wanna seem indulgent
When I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God
I just open enough eyes later on
And gave you the supplies and the tools
To hopefully use thatll make you strong
Enough to lift yourself up, when you feel like I felt
‘Cause I cant explain to yall how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just having to balance my dang self
When on eggshells, I was made to walk
But thank you, Ma, ‘cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania, so when they empty that stadium
Least I made it out of that house
And found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who alls they ever did
Was dreamt of one day just getting accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar
You are the reason that I made this song
And everything youre scared to say
Dont be afraid to say no more
From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk
Take it with a grain of salt—and eat their fucking faces off!
The legend of the angry blonde
Lives on through you when I’m gone, and to think I was a—

I was a, afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out
Afraid Id never be found (My dreams)
I didnt wanna go another round (Yeah)
An angry mans power will shut you up (Agh!)
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not run (Yeah)

Guts over fear (The time is near)
Guts over fear (Might shed a tear)
For all the times I let you push me round
I let you keep me down (Now I got)
Guts over fear, guts over fear
Mom, I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off and Im fucked up?
And, Mom, I know hes not around
But dont you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink, yeah

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I went in headfirst, never thinkin about who what I said hurt
In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far?
Cleanin Out My Closet and all them other songs
But regardless, I dont hate you ‘cause, Ma
Youre still beautiful to me, ‘cause youre my mom
Though far be it from you to be calm
Our house was Vietnam, Desert Storm
And both of us put together could form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to chemical warfare
And forever we could drag this on and on
But agree to disagree, that gift for me
Up under the Christmas tree dont mean shit to me
Youre kickin me out? Its fifteen degrees
And its Christmas Eve, Little prick, just leave!
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat!
Anything to have each others goats
Why we always at each others throats?
Especially when Dad, he fucked us both
Were in the same fuckin boat
Youd think thatd make us close (Nope)
Further away it drove us, but together, headlights shine
And a car full of belongings, still got a ways to go
Back to grandmas house, its straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest
So my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight-years-old
And thats when I realized you were sick
And it wasnt fixable or changeable
And to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though, but—

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

‘Cause to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it, though
‘Cause you aint even get to witness your grandbabies grow
But Im sorry, Mama, for Cleanin Out My Closet
At the time I was angry, rightfully? Maybe so
Never meant that far to take it, though
‘Cause now I know its not your fault, and Im not makin jokes
That song I no longer play at shows
And I cringe every time its on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us and
How I just wanted you to taste your own
But now the medications takin over
And your mental states deterioratin slow
And Im way too old to cry, this shit is painful, though
But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you, Debbie Mathers
Oh, what a tangled web we have ‘cause
One thing I never asked was
Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keepin up with every address
But Ida flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Owned a collection of maps
And followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
If someone ever moved em from me
That you coulda bet your asses
If I had to come down the chimney, dressed as Santa, kidnap em
And although one has only met their grandma once
You pulled up in our drive one night
As we were leavin to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left, I had this overwhelming sadness
Come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths and
I saw your headlights as I looked back
And Im mad I didnt get the chance to
Thank you for being my mom and my dad
So, Mom, please accept this as a
Tribute; I wrote this on the jet; I guess I had to
Get this off my chest; I hope I get the chance to
Lay it fore Im dead, the stewardess said to fasten
My seatbelt, I guess were crashin
So, if Im not dreamin, I hope you get this message that
I will always love you from afar, ‘cause youre my mom

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I want a new life (Start over)
One without a cause (Clean slate)
So Im coming home tonight (Yeah)
Well, no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew cant wake me up
Well, just know that Im alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if theres songs to sing
Well, my children will carry me
Just know that Im alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So Ill never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that Im alright
I am not afraid to die

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far
I want a new life
(Fack) Okay, (Fack) how do I say this? (Fack)
Last year (Fack) didnt work out so well for me (Fack)
(Fack last year!) (Fack) (Last year can eat a dick!)
2018, (Fack) well (Fack)

Hah, yeah, Im a fuckin kamikaze crashin into everything
You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
Ive been goin for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bed sheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
Ill ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked, bumpin your reference tracks
Y-You collaborative effort rap, I-I have never said his raps
O-Overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
And ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didnt write like you wrote it (Wrote it) (Yeah)
While I teabag the microphone cause I go nuts on it (On it) (Yeah)
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives thatll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and Im the fuckin pilot that flown it
Im bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and Ive just begun, FACK 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Im a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, yall shoulda let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Im a Kamikaze, gonna

I turned to rap cause it made me feel tough when I wasnt (Wasnt)
From the moment I heard rappers cussin, I was in (Was in)
Which is why I identify with the guy
Who I was invented by, Dres Frankenstein
Energized like a nine volt
Ice cold like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blowed is cause Im white though
Why dont every other white rapper sell what I sold? (Ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryin to stop me
Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
Cause Im takin yall with me when I go cyclone
I dont think this typhoons letting up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, Im bout to—

Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and Ive just begun, FACK 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Im a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, yall shoulda let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Im a Kamikaze, gonna

Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kami, kami-kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze (kamikaze)
Take a look at what Ive done

I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that
Wait, that shit was so ass its somethin we wouldnt dare re-air it (Get it)
The shits embarrassing as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift, beware of me
Lyrically Im terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin every beat there is

Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin
Somethin evil is lurkin, Im no conspiracy theorist
But somethin here is a foot—oh yeah, its my dick
Get the measurin stick (What?), 12 inches of wood (Haha)
Wait, but Ive been goin for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
And Ive come to pay respects
Cause if you sleep youre fucked—other words
You get laid to rest and I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray-on it like a color book
You got some views, but youre still below me
Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I dont say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now Im just freestylin in the vocal booth
And you know Ive always spoke the truth
Youre lyin through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
And it aint somethin I need a phone to do
When I say I cant wait til I get ahold of you
And I dont know what Im sposed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot
When I was just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
Cause thats just the way she was

They said I cant rap about being broke no more
They aint say I cant rap about coke no more (Ahh)
Slut, you think I wont choke no whore
Til them vocal cords dont work in her throat no more? (Ahh)
These motherfuckers are thinkin Im playin
Thinkin Im sayin this shit cause Im thinkin it just to be sayin it (Ahh)
Put your hands down, bitch—I aint gon shoot you
Ima pull you to this bullet and put it through you (Ahh)
Shut up, slut! Youre causin too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut—okay, Ma?
Oh, now hes raping his own mother
Abusing a whore, snorting coke
And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?
Youre goddamn right, bitch, and now its too late
Im triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, *vrin vrin vrin!*
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch, Ima kill you! You dont wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you aint nothin but a slut to me
Bitch, Ima kill you! You aint got the balls to beef
We aint gon never stop beefin, I dont squash the beef
You better kill me, Ima be another rapper dead
For poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said
But when they kill me, Im bringin the world with me
Bitches too, you aint nothin but a girl to me

I said you dont wanna fuck with Shady (Cause why?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you dont wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Bitch, Ima kill you! Like a murder weapon, Ima conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
Im tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell em
I aint acid rap, but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint?
No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminemll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
Youll probably end up jumpin out of somethin up on the tenth
Bitch, Ima kill you! I aint done, this aint the chorus
I aint even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but thats normal, aint it, Norman?
Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, were out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in

Or Ima kill you! You dont wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you aint nothin but a slut to me
Bitch, Ima kill you! You aint got the balls to beef
We aint gon never stop beefin, I dont squash the beef
You better kill me, Ima be another rapper dead
For poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said
But when they kill me, Im bringin the world with me
Bitches too, you aint nothin but a girl to me

I said you dont wanna fuck with Shady (Cause why?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you dont wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Know why I say these things?
Cause ladies screams keep creepin in Shadys dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldnt have to pay these shrinks
These 80Gs a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weedll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with em cause their ratings stink
Fuck that! Ill choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to outta school
I dont even believe in breathin
Im leavin air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it
Okay, Im ready to go play, I got the machete from O. J.​
Im ready to make everyones throats ache
You faggots keep eggin me on
Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when Im talkin to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Or Ima kill you! You dont wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you aint nothin but a slut to me
Bitch, Ima kill you! You dont got the balls to beef
We aint gon never stop beefin, I dont squash the beef
You better kill me, Ima be another rapper dead
For poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldnt have said
But when they kill me, Im bringin the world with me
Bitches too, you aint nothin but a girl to me
Bitch, Ima kill you!

You dont wanna fuck with Shady (Cause why?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you dont wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?)
Cause Shady will fucking kill you

Ha-ha-ha, Im just playing, ladies
You know I love you
You sound like a bitch, bitch
Shut the fuck up
When your fans become your haters
You done?
Fuckin beards weird
Alright
You yellin at the mic, fuckin weird beard (You want smoke)
We doin this once
You yellin at the mic, your beards weird
Why you yell at the mic? (Illa)

Rihanna just hit me on a text
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Wait, you just dissed me? Im perplexed
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Damn, Im really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Was watchin 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Realized I forgot to call you back
Heres that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Stan, Stan, son
Listen, man, Dad isnt mad
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
And have a man-bun?
The giants woke, eyes open, undeniable
Supplyin smoke, got the fire stoked
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
I say one call to Interscope and youre Swayze
Your reply got the crowd yelling, Woo!
So before you die lets see who can out-petty who
With your corny lines (Slim, youre old)—ow, Kelly, ooh
But Im 45 and Im still outselling you
By 29, I had three albums that had blew
Now lets talk about somethin I dont really do
Go in someones daughters mouth stealin food
But youre a fuckin mole hill
Now Ima make a mountain out of you, woo!
Ho, chill, actin like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Gunner? Bitch, you aint a bow and arrow
Say youll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin lead (Brrt)
Playin dead, thats the only time you hold still (Hold up)
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
What the fucks in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
Cause Im takin a shit in em, Kelly, I need reading material
…Dictionary…
Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Go back to Recovery, oh shoot, that was three albums ago
What do you know? Oops
Know your facts before you come at me, lil goof
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in 02
To burn it in front of you, ho
Younger me? No, you the wack me, its funny but so true
Id rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
Til Im hitting old age
Still can fill a whole page with a 10-year-olds rage
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil kiddy, go play
Feel like Im babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Shootin a video just to fuckin dig your own grave
Got you at your own wake, Im the billy goat
You aint never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Kelly, theyll be putting your name
Next to Ja, next to Benzino—die, motherfucker!
Like the last motherfucker sayin Hailie in vain
Alien brain, you Satanist (Yeah)
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
The games mine again and aint nothin changed but the locks
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (The fuck?)
Bein rich-shamed by some prick usin my name for clickbait
In a state of bliss cause I said his goddamn name
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (Pop)
Its your moment
This is it, as big as youre gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Lethal injection
Go to sleep six feet deep, Ill give you a B for the effort
But if I was three-foot-eleven
Youd look up to me, and for the record
You would suck a dick to fuckin be me for a second
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Give your life to be as solidified
This mothafuckin shit is like Rambo when hes out of bullets
So what good is a fuckin machine gun when its outta ammo?
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
How the fuck can him and I battle?
Hell have to fuck Kim in my flannel
Ill give him my sandals
Cause he knows, long as Im Shady hes gon have to live in my shadow
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
Youre fuckin salty
Cause Young Geralds balls-deep inside of Halsey
Your red sweater, your black leather
You dress better, I rap better
That a death threat or a love letter?
Little white toothpick
Thinks its over a pic, I just dont like you, prick
Thanks for dissing me
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write Not Alike
But really I dont care whos in the right
But youre losin the fight you picked
Who else want it? Kells—attempt fails! Budden—Ls!
Fuckin nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Killshot, I will not fail, Im with the Doc still
But this idiots boss pops pills and tells him hes got skills
But, Kells, the day you put out a hits the day Diddy admits
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
Im sick of you bein wack
And still usin that mothafuckin Auto-Tune
So lets talk about it (Lets talk about it)
Im sick of your mumble rap mouth
Need to get the cock up out it
Before we can even talk about it (Talk about it)
Im sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Just cause you look in the mirror and think
That youre Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Dont mean you are, and youre not about it
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it

You fuckin—oh
And Im just playin, Diddy
You know I love you
Aw, look at daddys baby girl
Thats daddys baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big?
Cant believe it, now youre two
Baby, youre so precious, daddys so proud of you
Sit down, bitch! You move again, Ill beat the shit out of you! (Okay!)

Dont make me wake this baby!
She dont need to see what Im bout to do!
Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?!
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?!
Oh, whats the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch! Youre gonna finally hear me out this time!
At first Im like, Aight, you wanna throw me out, thats fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?!
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim!
Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him!
He aint so hot now, is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up! (Youre drunk!)
(Youre never gonna get away with this!) You think I give a fuck?!
Cmon! Were going for a ride, bitch! (No!) Sit up front!
(We cant just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?)
Well be right back — well, I will, youll be in the trunk

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me, Kim, you really did a number on me!
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
Thats fucked up! (I love you!) Oh God, my brain is racin
(I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station!
I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!)
Theres a -year-old little 
Laying dead with a slit throat in your living room!
Ha-ha! What, you think Im kiddin you?!
You loved him, didnt you? (No!)
Bullshit, you bitch! Dont fucking lie to me!
What the fucks this guys problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole! Yeah, bite me!
Kim? Kim! Why dont you like me?
You think Im ugly, dontchu? (Its not that!) No, you think Im ugly
(Baby!) Get the fuck away from me! Dont touch me!
I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you!
Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me?!
(Im sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me?!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on, get out! (I cant! Im scared!)
I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair! Please dont do this, baby! Please! I love you! Look, we can just take Hailie and leave!)
Fuck you!
You did this to us! You did it! Its your fault!
Oh my God, Im crackin up Get a grip, Marshall!
Hey, remember the time we went to Brians party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie?
That was funny, wasnt it? (Yes)
That was funny, wasnt it?! (Yes!)
See, it all makes sense, doesnt it?
You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adams apple sliced (No!)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up
And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)  So now they both dead
And you slash your own throat
So now its double homicide and suicide with no note
I shoulda known better when you started to act weird
We coulda— hey, where you going? Get back here!
You cant run from me, Kim! Its just us, nobody else
Youre only making this harder on yourself!
Ha-ha, gotcha! Go ahead, yell!
Here, Ill scream with you, Ah! Somebody help!
Dont you get it, bitch? No one can hear you!
Now shut the fuck up, and get whats comin to you!
You were supposed to love me!
Now bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I dont wanna go on
Living in this world without you
Tell me where to go
Tell me what to do
Ill be right there for you
Tell me what to say
No matter if its true
Ill say it all for you

I used to be the type of kid
That would always think the sky is fallin
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in?
‘Cause I dont belong in this world
Thats why Im scoffin at authority, defiant often
Flyin off at the handle at my mom
No dad, so I am noncompliant at home
At school Im just shy and awkward
And I dont need no goddamn psychologist
Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlyin problems
Thinkin he can try and solve em
Im outside chalkin up drawings
On the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin
To myself, either that or inside hidin off in
The corner somewhere quiet, tryin not to
Be noticed ‘cause Im cryin and sobbin
I had a bad day at school so I aint talkin
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin locker
‘Cause he said that I eye-balled him

And if you fall, Ill get you there
Ill be your savior from all the wars
That are fought inside your world
Please have faith in my words

‘Cause this is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
Theres no guarantee
Its not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

I used to be the type of kid that would always think the skys fallin
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
‘Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, its mind-bogglin
‘Cause I obsess on everything in my mind, small shit
Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara
Then split, but I don’t give a shit
Im fine long as theres batteries in my Walkman
Nothing is the matter with me
Shit, look on the bright side, at least I aint walkin
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten-speed which Ive acquired parts that
I find in the garbage, a frame then put tires on it
Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try and start shit
But if this is all there is for me life offers
Why bother even tryin to put up a fight? Its nonsense
But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about them rhymes Ive been jottin?
They are kind of giving me confidence
Instead of tryin to escape through my comics
Why dont I just blast a little something like Onyx?
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eye-balled him
Grab hold of my balls, like, Thats right, fights on, bitch!
Who woulda knew, from the moment I turned the mic on, that
I could be iconic in my conquest?
Thats word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest

This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
Theres no guarantee
Its not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy

I used to be the type of kid that would always think the skys fallin
Now I think the fact that Im differently wireds awesome
‘Cause if I wasnt, I wouldnt be able to work words like this
And connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemys words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
‘Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fuckin giant sacks of lyin dog shit
Now you shut up, bitch, I am talkin
Thought I was full of horseshit
And now you fuckin worship the ground on which I am walkin
Me against the world, so what? Im Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0-16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins
Its the body bag game, bitch, Im supplyin coffins
‘Cause you dicks butt kiss, bunch of Brian Baldingers
Youre gon die a ball-licker, Ive been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You dont respect the legacy I leave behind, yall can
Suck a dick; the day you beat me, pigsll fly out my ass
In a flyin saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exaltin and I aint haltin
Til I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I am not you
Im me, and Im the Fire Marshall, and this is my—

This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
This is my legacy, legacy, yeah
Theres no guarantee
Its not up to me, we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down...

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers

Im supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I aint never supposed to show it
My crew aint supposed to know it
Even if it means goin toe-to-toe with a Benzino
It dont matter, I never drag em in battles that I cant handle
Less I absolutely have to, Im supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide em
If some shit ever does pop off, Im supposed to be beside em
That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
Theres a certain line you just dont cross, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailies name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some JAY-Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly Im exhausted
And Im so caught in it that I almost feel Im the one who caused it
This aint what Im in hip-hop for, thats not why I got in it
That was never my object, for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build?
That wasnt my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin ****
And that was just outta respect, for not runnin my mouth
And talkin about somethin that I knew nothin about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasnt my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While hes all over TV, down-talkin the man
Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand
This is business, and this shit just isnt none of my business
But still knowin the shit could pop off at any minute, cause—

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers

There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldnt have to worry about one of your people dyin
But now its elevated, cause once you put someones kids in it
The shit gets escalated—it aint just words no more, is it?
Its a different ballgame, you call names and you aint just rappin
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasnt gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash on him, let him have it
Meanwhile my attentions pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that Ill be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now hes fucked the game up
Cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin?
Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then!
But Im so busy bein pissed off, I dont stop to think
That we just inherited 50s beef with Murder Inc.
And hes inherited mine, which is fine, aint like either of us mind
But we still have soldiers thats on the front line
Whos willin to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
And maybe shout em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show em we love em back and let em know how important
It is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I aint tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered
It aint worth it, I cant think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love yall too much to see the verdict
Ill walk away from it all fore I let it go any further
But dont get it twisted, its not a plea that Im coppin
Im just willin to be the bigger man, if yall can quit poppin
Off at the jaws, well, then I can, cause frankly Im sick of talkin
Im not gonna let someone elses coffin rest on my conscience
Cause—

Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
Theres vomit on his sweater already, moms spaghetti
Hes nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words wont come out
Hes choking, how? Everybodys joking now
The clocks run out, times up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, hes so mad but he wont
Give up that easy, no, he wont have it, he knows
His whole backs to these ropes, it dont matter, hes dope
He knows that but hes broke, hes so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, thats when its
Back to the lab again yo, this old rap shit, he
Better go capture this moment and hope it dont pass him, and

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

His souls escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardoms
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, its all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
Hes known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, hes grown farther from home, hes no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, cause here goes the cold water
These hoes dont want him no mo, hes cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose its old, partner
But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

No more games, Ima change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin in the beginning, the mood all changed
Ive been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebodys payin the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I cant get by with my nine-to-
Five and I cant provide the right type of life for my family
Cause man, these goddamn food stamps dont buy diapers
And theres no movie, theres no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and its gettin even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotonys
Gotten me to the point Im like a snail, Ive got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin option—failures not
Mom, I love you, but this trailers got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salems Lot
So here I go, its my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go!)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

You can do anything you set your mind to, man
Somethings burnin, I cant figure out what (Out what)
Its either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded; must
Just be the powder from the power of (Love)
But Im in something I dont know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walk, the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain thats what I heard
‘Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her
The thoughts scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace!
Hope it aint, Here we go, yo!
‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case
Scenario, though in the first place (Ah, fuck)
But you confirmed my low-end theory though
Shouldve known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date
Couldve made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
No, (*slurp*) you dont (*slurp*) under— (*slurp*) —stand, (*slurp*)
I (*slurp*) dont (*slurp*) do this for (*hic*) anyone, (*hic*) ever (*slurp*)
Yeah, that aint what they all say?
Ill say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancé
Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye
LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwamé
Guess Im gettin my g-goddang Jigga on, eh?
‘Cause your name, Im beyond sayin
But fuck it, Im movin on, you women are all cray
But Ill probably always keep on playin the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

She doesnt love me, no, she dont love me no more
She hates my company, guess she dont love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!
And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!

I told that bitch, Im a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick
Suckin dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water
He drowned, like an abortion
They booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, dont forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin Ferris wheel
Fuckin spinnin on me—fuck you think, we gon get married still?
Fuckin Mary had a little lamb, this aint no fairy tale
Fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin feel
Like you should fuckin beat it
Or fuckin eat it while Im on my period
Now have a blessed day! (*Phone hangs up*) Bitch, you serious?
Im in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you aint fuckin with me, you cut me deep as Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, Im delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
Thats analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin cordial, yeah, I got some home training
That aint what you like, aint it?
What about if I was as famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singin, I hope shes good enough
Meanwhile youre chasin her
Chlamydia couldnt even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, Ima live with the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love

(She doesnt love me, no, she dont love me no more)
(She hates my company, guess she dont love me no more)
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!
And I told her, Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I dont care!

So needless to say Im feelin betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wires dick
Now shes chasin me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché
Its all my fault anyway, shes turnin the tables, Im a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior
Back together, but forgot today was her B-day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes
Thats when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin brakeline
Stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin seventy-three, thank God theres an exit comin up
What the mother-F-U-C-Ks wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp til I coasted to a goshdamn halt
Hit a fuckin tree, now here she comes at full speed
Shes racin at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window
She screamin, I body slam her on the cement
Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved
(The fuck?) Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, ‘cause shes layin next to me in bed—directly aimin a gat at my head!
Woke up again and jumped up
Like, Fuck it! Ive had it, Im checkin into rehab
I confess Im a static addict, I guess thats why Im so clingy
Every girl Ive ever had either says I got too much baggage
Or Im too fuckin dramatic
Man, what the fuck is the matter? Im just a fuckin romantic
I fuckin love you, you fuckin bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, Hit the road, then after she left
I sent that bitch a text that said, Be careful driving
Dont read this and have an accident
She glanced to look at it and wrecked (*Car crashes*)
Too bad, thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than the model covered in LOréal and mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin
While the whore was yellin, Rape!
Til her vocal cords were swellin
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings face
Still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Less youre Andrea Yates, dont ask me for a date though
Youre late, well, the sentiments great
But wait, think theres been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
Its mainly cause of the game of— (*Message sound*)
Wait, dinner at eight? I have infinite hate in my blood
Its mainly cause of the—

Game of love, love, love, love
La-la-la-la-la love
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, thats all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, thats all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

I cant tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now, theres a steel knife in my windpipe
I cant breathe, but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right, its like Im in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate
Its like Im huffin paint and I love her, the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before Im about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fuckin hates me, and I love it — Wait!
Where you going? — Im leaving you! — No, you aint!
Come back! — Were runnin right back, here we go again
Its so insane, cause when its goin good, its goin great
Im Superman with the wind at his back, shes Lois Lane
But when its bad, its awful, I feel so ashamed
I snapped, Whos that dude?, I dont even know his name
I laid hands on her, Ill never stoop so low again
I guess I dont know my own strength

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, thats all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, thats all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when youre with em?
You meet, and neither one of you even know what hit em
Got that warm fuzzy feelin, yeah, them chills, used to get em
Now youre gettin fuckin sick of lookin at em?
You swore youd never hit em, never do nothin to hurt em
Now youre in each others face
Spewin venom in your words when you spit em
You push, pull each others hair, scratch, claw, bit em
Throw em down, pin em
So lost in the moments when youre in em
Its the rage that took over, it controls you both
So they say youre best to go your separate ways
Guess that they dont know ya
Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over
Its a different day, sound like broken records playin over
But you promised her, next time youll show restraint
You dont get another chance, life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess thats why they call it window pane

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, thats all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, thats all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Now, I know we said things, did things that we didnt mean
Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your tempers just as bad as mine is, youre the same as me
When it comes to love youre just as blinded, baby, please
Come back, it wasnt you, baby, it was me
Maybe our relationship isnt as crazy as it seems
Maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Dont you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball
Next time Im pissed, Ill aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There wont be no next time!
I apologize, even though I know its lies
Im tired of the games, I just want her back, I know Im a liar
If she ever tries to fuckin leave again, Ima tie her
To the bed and set this house on fire, just gonna—

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, thats all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, thats all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
Woah, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it
I dont take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy, but Ill prolly never get it
I aint never had no trophy or no motherfuckin ribbon (Yah I said it)
Fuck the system, Im that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules
Im about to risk it all, I aint got too much to lose
Yall been eatin long enough, its my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you
Fuck you too, woo!

Yall gotta move, yall gotta move, yall gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Yall gotta move, yall gotta move, give me the juice

Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall
Turn my back on you, all of you finished
Back to these bullets, its back to the job
Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin
Back on my hood shit, its back to the pushin
These packs and Im actually pumpin
Cant fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin
You mighta went platinum but that dont mean nothin
Im actually buzzin this time
Straight out the kitchen, I told em the oven is mine
I do not fuck with you guys (Woo!)
If I dont kill you, just know you gon suffer this time
I aint no gangster but I got some bangers
Some chains and some blades and a couple of knives
Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree
My 12 days of Christmas was nothin but lies (I)
Run at you hard like a sumo (Sumo)
They say I talk like a chulo (Chulo)
I live on Mars, Im not Bruno (Woo)
Bitch Im a dog, call me Cujo (Rah)
You play your cards, I reverse on you all
And I might just draw 4 like a Uno (Bup)
Cállate boca mejor, maricón, little puto, and all of you culo (Joyner)
Theyve invented a level up in the ghetto to get old
Lookin for somethin I prolly can never find now
Shit get relevant til nother beef die down
In truth, a nigga just really want me tied down
Ive been alone and I never needed nobody
Just only me and my shotty, Ill tell these niggas to lie down
Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle
I just pray to God that my sonll be alright now
I said aint no love for the other side
Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner)
When I die Im goin out as the underdog who never lost hope (Yeah)
You in the wrong cab down the wrong path
Nigga, wrong way, wrong road (Woo, woo)
Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast
I just bought a fuckin lawn mower (Vroom!)

I done said a lotta things in my day, I admit it
This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys, but I sold my soul to get em
Wasnt in it for the trophies, just the fuckin recognition
Fucks the difference?
Im that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules
Man, I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose
Ive been eatin long enough, man, my stomach should be full
I just ate, licked the plate, my buffet, lucky me
Fuck you think? (Woo!)

I got a couple of mansions
Still I dont have any manners
You got a couple of ghostwriters
But to these kids it dont actually matter
Theyre askin me, What the fuck happened to hip-hop?
I said, I dont have any answers
Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album
It hurt me like hell but Im back on these rappers
And actually comin from humble beginnings
Im somewhat uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say, What a wonderful feeling!
Were on the upswing like were punchin the ceiling!
But nothin is feeling like anyone has any fuckin ability
To even stick to a subject, its killin me
The inability to pen humility
Ha-ta-ta ba-ta-ta, why dont we make a bunch of
Fuckin songs about nothin and mumble em?
Fuck it, Im goin for the jugular
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin up
Dont give an ounce of a motherfuck
About the ones that were here before you that made rap
Lets recap, way back, MCs that wreak havoc on tape decks
ADATs, where the G Raps and Kanes at?
We need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back
Cause half of these rappers have brain damage
All the lean rappin, face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I dont hate trap, and I dont wanna seem mad
But in fact, where the old me at? The same cat
That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that
But I think its inevitable
They know what button to press or what lever to pull
To get me to snap though (Lil bitch)
And if I pay it attention Im probly makin it bigger
But youve been takin ya dicks in the fuckin back, ho (Get it?)
On the brink, any minute got me thinkin of finishin
Everything with acetaminophen and reapin the benefits
Im asleep at the wheel again
As I peak into thinkin about an evil intent
Of another beat Ima kill again
Cause even if I gotta end up eatin a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin
It better be at least 70 or 300 milligram
And I might as well cause Ima end up bein a villain again
Levels to this shit, I got an elevator
You could never say to me Im not a fuckin record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy I made, I never cater
Motherfucker, now I got a right to be this way
I got spite inside my DNA
But I roll til the wheels fall off, Im workin tirelessly, ayy
Its the moment yall been waitin for
Like California wishin rain to pour
In that drought, yall been prayin for
My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw
Still the same Marshall, that outlaw
That they say as a writer mightve fell off
Im back on that bull like the cowboy

So yall gotta move (Yeah), yall gotta move (Yeah), yall gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot
Yall gotta move, yall gotta move, give me the juice
You know, I just dont get it
Last year I was nobody, this year Im selling records
Now everybody wants to come around
Like I owe em somethin
The fuck you want from me, ten-million dollars?
Get the fuck outta here

You see, Im just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Im just a regular guy
I dont know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin
You might see me walkin a dead Rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch wont quit barkin
Or leanin out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin up the block in the car that they shot Pac in
Looking for Bigs killers, dressin ridiculous
Blue and red, like I dont see what the big deal is
Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist poppin and wristwatches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Startin shit like some twenty-six-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!)
An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instincts to kill *NSYNC, dont get me started
These fuckin brats cant sing and Britneys garbage
Whats this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars!
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin
Whatever happened to wilin out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catchin a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin
And gettin your shoes, coat and your hat tooken?

New Kids on the Block suck a lot of dick
Boy, girl groups make me sick
And I cant wait til I catch all you faggots in public
Ima love it (Hahaha)

Vanilla Ice dont like me (Uh-uh), he said some shit in Vibe to spite me (Yo)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (Haha)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin I dont care, just bite me! (Na-na)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer (Hehe)
And call themselves clowns cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin Detroit, when yall live twenty miles away (Fuckin punks)
And I dont wrestle, Ill knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (ahh)
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow!
Look at yall runnin your mouth again
When you aint seen a fuckin mile road south of 10
And I dont need help from D12 to beat up two females
In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
Slim Anus? You damn right, slim anus
I dont get fucked in mine like you two little flamin faggots

Cause Im just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Im not a wrestler guy
Ill knock you out if you talk about me (You talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (Best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that yall expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop thats on top
Of this fucked up head that Ive got, Ive gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
Oh, he just did some shit with Missy
So now he thinks hes too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy
My fuckin bitch moms suin for ten-million
She must want a dollar for every pill Ive been stealin
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesnt matter,  faggot
Talkin about I fabricated my past
Hes just aggravated I wont ejaculate in his ass (Ugh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got ninety-some cousins (Hey its me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybodys so happy and proud
Im finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriends house (Hey!)
And then to top it off I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Uh, here, XXL! XXL!
Now your magazine shouldnt have so much trouble to sell
Aw, fuck it, Ill even buy a couple myself

Cause Im just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Im just a regular guy
I dont know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)
Because Im just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Im just a regular guy
I dont know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)
Yeah
I know sometimes
Things may not always make sense to you right now
But ayy
Whatd Daddy always tell you?
Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip
What you cryin about?
You got me

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When Im gone, but Im tryin to give you the life that I never had
I can see youre sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry
Cause youre scared, I aint there
Daddys with you in your prayers
No more cryin, wipe them tears
Daddys here, no more nightmares
We gon pull together through it
We gon do it, Lainie—Uncles crazy, aint he?
Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it
Were all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls
Lookin puzzled, in a daze, I know its confusin you
Daddys always on the move, Mommas always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growin up as Daddy that he had to see
Daddy dont want you to see, but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us, I dont see us ever bein
Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be, but its just something
We have no control over, and thats what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day well wake up and thisll all just be a dream

Now hush, little baby, dont you cry
Everythings gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddys here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommys not here right now, and we dont know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Mommas gon be alright (Heh)

Its funny, I remember back one year when Daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck em under the tree
And said some of em were from me cause Daddy couldnt buy em
Ill never forget that Christmas, I sat up the whole night cryin
Cause Daddy felt like a bum—see, Daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom
And at the time, every house that we lived in
Either kept gettin broken into and robbed or shot up on the block
And your mom was savin money for you in a jar
Tryin to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars, til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your mommas heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin to fall apart
Mom and Dad was arguin a lot, so Momma moved back
On to Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment
And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And thats when Daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and Momma out to see me
But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me
Then you started seein Daddy on the TV, and Momma didnt like it
And you and Lainie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
Im just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now Im sittin in this empty house
Just reminiscin, lookin at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, its almost like youre sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddys still here
Lainie, Im talkin to you too, Daddys still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, its got a ring to it, dont it?
Sshh! Mommas only gone for the moment

Now hush, little baby, dont you cry
Everythings gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddys here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommys not here right now, and we dont know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Mommas gon be alright

And if you ask me to, Daddys gonna buy you a mockingbird
Ima give you the world
Ima buy a diamond ring for you, Ima sing for you
Ill do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird dont sing and that ring dont shine
Ima break that birdies neck
Ill go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat, dont fuck with Dad! (Ha-ha!)
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brains dead weight, Im tryna get my head straight
But I cant figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, Slim Shady, you a basehead (Uh-uh)
Then whys your face red? Man, you wasted
Well, since age 12, I felt like Im someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lees tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; Shady, wait a minute, thats my girl, dawg
I dont give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester Ill be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While theyre screaming at me, Lets just be friends
99 percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her Id grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole

Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, dont just stand there, operate
Im not ready to leave, its too scary to die (Fuck that)
Ill have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I comin or goin? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I aint had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, Ill fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You aint got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
Cause Im steamin mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Love, love
Love, love, love
Dont hurt me
Dont hurt me no more
Young Money, yeah
No more
Love

Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But its Fuck the world, get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (No love)
Im rollin Sweets, Im smokin sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
Thats why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
Uh, I think about more than I forget
But I dont go around fire expectin not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while Im down, Ill break your leg
Money outweighin problems on a triple beam
Im stickin to the script, you niggas skippin scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fuckin right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess its fuck what they say
Im high as a bitch, up, up and away
Man, Ill come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
Then Ill come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
Its Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and Im in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I dont even check the peephole
So you can keep knockin, but wont knock me down
No love lost, no love found

Its a little too late to say that youre sorry now (Yeah)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just dont (Hurt me)
Thats right, it dont (Hurt me)
And I dont need you (No more)
Dont wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Haha!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
And I dont need you (Dont hurt me)
Thats right, you dont (Hurt me)
And I dont need you (No more)
Dont wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I dont need you (No more)
Get em!

Im alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
See these peoples ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, Im a little bit sicker than most
Shits finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I aint never giving in again (Yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat em
So why the fuck would I join em when I beat em? (Yeah!)
They call me a freak, cause I like to
Spit on these pussies fore I eat em (Haha)
Man, get these wack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
Snatch the mic from em, bitch, Ima let you finish in a minute
Yeah, that rap was tight, but Im (Yeah!)
Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But Im afraid that it aint gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
Its an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
When Im not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow
Til Im topplin from the top, Im not gonna stop
Im standin on my Monopoly board (Uh)
That means Im on top of my game
And it dont stop til my hip dont hop anymore (Shit)
When youre so good that you cant say it
‘Cause it aint even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (Shit)
People just get sick ‘cause you spit
These fools cant drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
Youll never slow the momentum at any moment
Im bout to blow, youll never take my pride
Killin the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin no mercy, mark my words
Aint lettin up, relentless, I smell blood
I dont give a fuck, keep givin them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

Its a little too late to say that youre sorry now (Uh)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just dont (Hurt me)
Yeah, thats right, it dont (Hurt me)
And I dont need you (No more)
Dont wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
And I dont need you (Dont hurt me)
Thats right, you dont (Hurt me)
And I dont need you (No more)
Dont wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I dont need you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
Im not afraid (Im not afraid)
Yeah
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Its been a ride
Everybody (Everybody)
I guess I had to
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
Go to that place to get to this one
Well walk this road together, through the storm
Now some of you
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Might still be in that place
Just lettin you know that youre not alone
If youre tryna get out
Holla if you feel like youve been down the same road
Just follow me, Ill get you there

You can try and
Read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay em
But you wont take the sting out these words before I say em
Cause aint no way Ima let you stop me from causin mayhem
When I say Ima do somethin, I do it, I dont give a damn what you think
Im doin this for me, so fuck the world, feed it beans
Its gassed up if it thinks its stoppin me
Ima be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably
And all those who look down on me, Im tearin down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, dont try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album hes still shittin
Whether hes on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse, hes married to the game
Like a fuck you for Christmas, his gift is a curse
Forget the Earth, hes got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt
And fuck the whole universe

Im not afraid (Im not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
Well walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin you know that youre not alone
Holla if you feel like youve been down the same road

Okay, quit playin with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldnt have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know its a wrap (Rap)
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that, fuck your feelings
Instead of gettin crowned, youre gettin capped
And to the fans, Ill never let you down again, Im back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact, lets be honest, that last Relapse CD was ehh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I aint goin back to that now
All Im tryna say is get back, click-clack-blaow
Cause I aint playin around
Theres a game called circle and I dont know how
Im way too up to back down
But I think Im still tryna figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didnt
This fuckin black cloud still follows me around
But its time to exorcise these demons
These mafuckers are doin jumpin jacks now

Im not afraid (Im not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
Well walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin you know that youre not alone
Holla if you feel like youve been down the same road

And I just cant keep livin this way
So startin today
Im breakin out of this cage
Im standin up, Ima face my demons
Im mannin up, Ima hold my ground
Ive had enough, now Im so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand-new me
You helped see me through
And dont even realize what you did, cause believe me you
Ive been through the wringer
But they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead: no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handlin my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters
And raise it, you couldnt lift a single shingle on it
Cause the way I feel, Im strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
Cause Im raisin the bar
Id shoot for the moon, but Im too busy gazin at stars
I feel amazin, and Im—

Im not afraid (Im not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
Well walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin you know that youre not alone
Holla if you feel like youve been down the same road
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up!
Yeah

Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
Daybed, iPod
May-back, Maybach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Payless, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, icebox

Thats how much we have in common (Yah!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woah!)
Up on this mic when were on it (Yah)
Thats how much we have in common (Yuh!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woo!)
Thats how much we have in common
We are not alike, theres nada like us on the mic (Yah!)

I dont do Jordans and Audemars
I do explosions and Molotovs
Yall blowin smoke as if yall aint washed
I blow the smoke from the car exhaust
Flyin to a party I am not invited to, feelin like the streets need me
I aint gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spider move like C Breezy
I dont gotta hire goons
Id rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely
The sky is blue, the tires new
The Maserati white and cool like G-Eazy
Why these dudes tryna figure out
How to do a freestyle as fly as me? (Why?)
Im confused tryna figure out how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G
Everybody doin chick joints
Probably rob these little dudes at fist point
Member everybody used to bite Nickel
Now everybody doin Bitcoin
We dont got nothin in common (No!)
We dont got nothin in common (No!)
Yall into stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups
On them uppers-and-downers (Woo!)
Im into stuff like doublin commas
Find me a brother whos solid
To count the shit up and then bust the shit down
When the cops hit us up, we can flush the shit down
We cannot give a fuck, shit, a fuckin colonic
Sellin your cock and your butt for a follower
Possible couple of dollars, you powder sniff
Now you slippin, call it a power trip, a product of politics
Yall went from profit and toppin the charts
To dropped in the park in a pile of shit
Knowledge is power, but powerless
If youve got it and you do not acknowledge it
Yall music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it
Hirin strippers, prostitutes retirin
We can spit it for your advance
Im fit to be king, youre cut out to fit in Prince pants
You niggas—

Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
Daybed, iPod
May-back, Maybach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Payless, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, icebox

Thats how much we have in common (Yah!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woah!)
Up on this mic when were on it (Yah)
Thats how much we have in common (Yuh!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woo!)
Thats how much we have in common
We are not alike, theres nada like us—

You say youre affiliated with murderers, killers (Ayy!)
The people you run with are thuggin (Gang!)
But you just a wannabe gunner (Gang!)
Like you was gonna do somethin
Actin like you catchin bodies (Ayy!)
And you got juice, lil youngin, you buggin
You aint never even been charged in connection with battery
Bitch, you aint plugged into nothin
Rap God spit lyrical bullets (Pew!)
And gats cock, your partners better tool up
This has not to do with muscular
But have guns for sure, you better put a
Strap on, other words if youre gonna
Roll up with your (Gang!) youre gon need a arsenal
Cause this bar is over your head
So you better⁠—{gun cock}⁠—have arms if youre gonna pull up (Skrrt!)
Oh, you run the streets, huh?
Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
This little cock-sucker, he must be feelin himself
He wants to keep up his tough demeanour
So he does a feature, decides to team up with N9na
But next time you dont gotta use Tech N9ne
If you wanna come at me with a sub, Machine Gun
And Im talkin to you
But you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly
I dont use sublims and sure as fuck dont sneak-diss
But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie
I keep on telling motherfuckers
But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories jarred like strawberry or pineapple apricot jelly
I respond rarely, but this time Shady bout to sound off
Like a fuckin cocked semi-Glock demi-god
Let me put a fuckin silencer on this little
Non-threatening blond fairy cornball takin shots at me
Youre not ready, fool, break yourself like Rock Steady Crew
Obviously, Im not getting through
We can get it poppin like Redenbach, letting off like Remy Ma
Heavy artille—ry, Godzilla harsh with a hard shell
With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarres belly
Only time youll ever say I lost
Youll be talkin bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy
Just to try to get me off
And you better hope I dont call Trick Trick
Bitch, this shit dont fly in our city
Punk, you dont disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy
Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me
That Ill be the most hated, though made it
So that theres no shame, its okay to own it
Cause life is a bitch, shes a bow-legged ho
But now those days are over
I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open
My code name is groper, I role play with lotion
I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan
Old lederhosen with home-made explosives
I blow 80 holes in you
Dont make me go in, I OJ the flows
And Im insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman
Im throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole
As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin
I double-edge sword it cause one place I poke and
I stick and I turn in a rotating motion
Invisible with the pen, Im at the pinnacle of sick individuals
Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal
Im fuckin these syllables, I let em lick on my genitals
Im a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick
A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable
That you bitches fuckin with, the original
I consider me and Nickel identical—but not us
The only thing we have in commons Im a dick and you suck
Otherwise one has nothin to do with the other
None come close to skunk, bug, soldier
Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older
Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster
Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster
Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster

Thats how much we have in common (Yah!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woah!)
Up on this mic when were on it (Yah)
Thats how much we have in common (Yeah!)
Thats how much we have in common (Woo!)
Thats how much we have in common
We are not alike, theres nada like us—
(Man, fuck this shit, lets go)
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings
But Im only going to get this one chance (Six minutes— Six minutes—)
Somethings wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, youre on!)
Just a feeling Ive got, like somethings about to happen, but I dont know what. 
If that means what I think it means, were in trouble, big trouble; 
And if he is as bananas as you say, Im not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

Im beginnin to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot

But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My penll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a livin and a killin off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feelin on his nutsack
Im an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell
Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill em all with)
This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop
You dont really wanna get into a pissin match
With this rappity brat, packin a MAC in the back of the Ac
Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack
And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while Im practicin that
Ill still be able to break a motherfuckin table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs
Feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are havin a rough time period, heres a maxi pad
Its actually disastrously bad for the wack
While Im masterfully constructing this masterpièce

Cause Im beginnin to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintainin this shit aint that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like Ι have got

Well, to be truthful the blueprints
Simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the Earth like an asteroid
Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since (Pew!)
MCs get taken to school with this music
Cause I use it as a vehicle to bus the rhyme
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? Im a product of Rakim
Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren
Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run–D.M.C., induct them
Into the motherfuckin Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Even though Ill walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame Ill be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think its all a game, til I walk a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin?
Little gay-lookin boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, lookin boy (Ha-ha!)
Youre witnessin a mass-occur
Like youre watching a church gathering take place, lookin boy
Oy vey, that boys gay!—thats all they say, lookin boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a way to go from your label every day, lookin boy
Hey, lookin boy! What you say, lookin boy?
I get a hell yeah from Dre, lookin boy
Ima work for everything I have, never asked nobody for shit
Get outta my face, lookin boy!
Basically, boy, youre never gonna be capable
Of keepin up with the same pace, lookin boy, cause—

Im beginnin to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way Im racin around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod
This planets Krypton—no, Asgard, Asgard

So youll be Thor and Ill be Odin
You rodent, Im omnipotent
Let off, then Im reloadin
Immediately with these bombs Im totin
And I should not be woken
Im the walkin dead, but Im just a talkin head, a zombie floatin
But I got your mom deep-throatin
Im out my Ramen Noodle
We have nothin in common, poodle
Im a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
Its me, my honestys brutal
But its honestly futile if I dont utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes
To maybe try to help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines
Just in case cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry lookin at me like its lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground
But I still rap like Im on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come tryin
To censor you like that one line
I said on Im Back from The Mathers LP 1 when I
Tried to say Ill take seven kids from Columbine
Put em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9
See if I get away with it now that I aint as big as I was, but Im
Morphin into an immortal, comin through the portal
Youre stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I dont know what the fuck that you rhyme for
Youre pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin cornrows
You write normal? Fuck being normal!
And I just bought a new raygun from the future
Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweathers pad
Singin to a man while he played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
The very next day, Hey Fab, Ima kill you!
Lyrics comin at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad)
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin Im a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you Im superhuman?
Innovative and Im made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin off of me and itll glue to you and
Im devastating, more than ever demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin audience a feeling like its levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, theyll be celebrating
Cause I know the way to get em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
Oh, hes too mainstream.
Well, thats what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
Its not hip-hop, its pop,—cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on Lose Yourself and make em lose it
I dont know how to make songs like that
I dont know what words to use.
Let me know when it occurs to you
While Im rippin any one of these verses that versus you
Its curtains, Im inadvertently hurtin you
How many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice, your songs you could sacrifice virgins too?!
Ugh, school flunky, pill junkie
But look at the accolades these skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And Im a million leagues above you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but its still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you
Im drunk, so, Satan, take the fucking wheel
Ima sleep in the front seat
Bumpin Heavy D and the Boyz, still Chunky but Funky
But in my head theres something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and heres what they want from me
Theyre askin me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred
I have, then you may be a little patient
And more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, lifes handin you lemons? Make lemonade then!
But if I cant batter the women
How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?!
Dont mistake him for Satan; its a fatal mistake
If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation
To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and
Dont be a retard—be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a god?
Ive been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I dont want to admit to something
If all its gonna cause is pain
Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

Hes comin home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breaths Jack, hes a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
Its a chess match, shes on his back like a jet-pack
Shes kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you dont fuck with no mans girl, even I know that
But shes devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationships hangin by a strand
So shes been on the web lately
Says maybe shell be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man
And I know shes using me to try to play him, I dont care
Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said Bye Suzanne
After the first night, but tonight I am

Ive been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I dont want to admit to something
If all its gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

A one-night stand turned a two-night stand
It was come sunlight, scram, now we hug tight, and...
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that were through?
Its hard to find the words, Im aloof, nervous, and Sue
Dont want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Dont take it personal, I just cant say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Dont have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who Im turning intos
Irreversible, I preyed on you like its church at the pew
And now that I got you I dont want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin the wound
Cause now with her in the womb
We cant bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Fuck!

Ive been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I dont want to admit to something
If all its gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

My names (Ooh), my names (Ooh)
River (Ooh), river run
Call me (Ooh), call me (Ooh)
River (Ooh), well let the river run

Always the bridesmaid, never The bride, hey!
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, Id be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like Im slidin on ice, maybe
Thats why I may have came at you sideways
I cant keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didnt really wanna abort, but fuck it
Whats one more lie, to tell our unborn child?

Ive been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one (Im sorry)
I dont want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all its gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
Its so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin around with his headphones blarin
Alone in his own zone, cold and he dont care, hes
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin dad walkin out (Bitch!)
Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again hed probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, hes mad so hes talkin back
Talkin black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stockin cap
His stepfather hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
Theres no control, he just lets his emotions go

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, its just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin, intertwinin with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinners mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely ‘cause dont anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate (Huh-uh)
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
Its like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen?
From standin on corners and porches just rappin
To havin a fortune, no more kissin ass
But then these critics crucify you (Yep), journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute wont hesitate to produce handguns
Thats why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin to me religiously
So Im signin CDs while police fingerprint me
Theyre for the judges daughter, but his grudge is against me
If Im such a fuckin menace, this shit doesnt make sense, B
Its all political, if my music is literal
And Im a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl?
I couldnt, I wouldnt be fit to
Youre full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! (Bitch!)

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, its just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too?
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and Ill get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin pistols
And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shits cool
Not knowin we really just protectin ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shits affectin our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
Its fucked up, aint it? How we can come from practically nothin
To bein able to have any fuckin thing that we wanted
Thats why we sing for these kids who dont have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin rap magazine (Ha-ha!)
Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone whos ever been through shit in they lives
So they sit and they cry at night, wishin theyd die
Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
Were nothin to you, but were the fuckin shit in they eyes
Thats why we seize the moment, try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it ‘cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe theyll admit it when were gone, just let our spirits
Live on through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can…

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, its just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, its just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
We touch, I feel a rush; we clutch, it isnt much
But its enough to make me wonder whats in store for us
Its lust, its torturous, you must be a sorceress
Cause you just did the impossible: gained my trust
Dont play games, itll be dangerous
If you fuck me over, ‘cause if I get burnt, Ima show ya
What its like to hurt, ‘cause I been treated like dirt before ya
And love is evil — spell it backwards, Ill show ya
Nobody knows me, Im cold, walk down this road all alone
Its no ones fault but my own, its the path Ive chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever so
Dont ask me why I have no love for these muhfuckin hoes
Bloodsuckin succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
Ive tried in this department, but I aint had no luck with this
It sucks, but its exactly what I thought it would be like
Tryin to start over, I got a hole in my heart
But some kind of emotional roller coaster
Is something I wont go on
So you toy with my emotions, so its over
Its like an explosion every time I hold ya
Wasnt joking when I told ya
You take my breath away, youre a supernova, and Im a—

Im a space-bound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon
And Im aimin right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And Im aimin right at you
Right at you, right at you

Ill do whatever it takes, when Im with you, I get the shakes
My body aches when I aint with you, I have zero strength
Theres no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we thinks
Gonna be that one? And then once we get em, its never the same
You want em when they dont want you
Soon as they do, feelings change
Its not a contest and I aint on no conquest for no mate
I wasnt lookin when I stumbled on to you, musta been fate
But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take?
Lets cut to the chase fore the door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I wont be makin a mistake, ‘cause Im a—

Im a space-bound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon
And Im aimin right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And Im aimin right at you
Right at you, right at you

So, after a year and six months, its no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God
Ill blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and Im pleadin, Im tryna stop you from leavin
You wont even listen, so fuck it, Im tryna stop you from breathin
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin
Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, aint no possible reason
I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Now I let you go and just give
And fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this

And I wouldve done anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But its over now, its too late to save our love
Just promise me youll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, ‘cause Im a—

Im a space-bound rocket ship and your hearts the Moon
And Im aimin right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And Im so lost without you
Without you, without you
My teas gone cold, Im wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I cant see at all
And even if I could itd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that its not so bad, its not so bad
My teas gone cold, Im wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I cant see at all
And even if I could itd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that its not so bad, its not so bad

Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still aint callin
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must notve got em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot em
But anyways, fuck it, whats been up, man? Hows your daughter?
My girlfriends pregnant too, Im bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what Ima call her?
Ima name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, Im sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didnt want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but Im your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

My teas gone cold, Im wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I cant see at all
And even if I could itd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that its not so bad, its not so bad

Dear Slim, you still aint called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I aint mad, I just think its fucked up you dont answer fans
If you didnt want to talk to me outside your concert, you didnt have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
Thats my little brother, man, hes only six years old
We waited in the blisterin cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
Thats pretty shitty, man, youre like his fuckin idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I aint that mad, though I just dont like bein lied to
Remember when we met in Denver?
You said if Id write you, you would write back
See, Im just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what youre sayin in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put em on
‘Cause I dont really got shit else
So that shit helps when Im depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
Its like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriends jealous cause I talk about you 24/7
But she dont know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She dont know what it was like for people like us growin up
You gotta call me, man, Ill be the biggest fan youll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan—P.S. We should be together too

My teas gone cold, Im wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I cant see at all
And even if I could itd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that its not so bad, its not so bad

Dear Mr. Im-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
Thisll be the last package I ever send your ass
Its been six months, and still no word—I dont deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the addresses on em perfect
So this is my cassette Im sendin you, I hope you hear it
Im in the car right now, Im doin 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, In the Air of the Night
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin
But didnt, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
Thats kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin
Now its too late, Im on a thousand downers now—Im drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together—think about it!
You ruined it now, I hope you cant sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you cant sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you cant breathe without me
See, Slim—shut up, bitch! Im tryin to talk
Hey, Slim, thats my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
But I didnt slit her throat, I just tied her up—see? I aint like you
‘Cause if she suffocates shell suffer more and then shell die too
Well, gotta go, Im almost at the bridge now
Oh, shit, I forgot—how am I supposed to send this shit out?!

My teas gone cold, Im wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I cant see at all
And even if I could itd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that its not so bad, its not so bad

Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriends pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, Im really flattered you would call your daughter that
And heres an autograph for your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
Im sorry I didnt see you at the show, I mustve missed you
Dont think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But whats this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin, dawg, come on, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin
To help your ass from bouncin off the walls when you get down some
And whats this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shitll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that youll be doin just fine
If you relax a little, Im glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just dont want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didnt say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was—it was you

Damn…
You used to say that Id never be
Nothin without you, and Id believe
Im shot in the lungs, I gasp, I cant breathe
Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
And Id beg and Id plead, drop to knees
And Id cry and Id scream, Baby, please dont leave!
Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze
And youd laugh, and youd tease
Youre just fucking with me, and you must hate me
Why do you date me, if you say I make you sick
And youve had enough of me
I smother you, Im bout to jump off the edge

But you wont break me
Youll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you Ill be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I wont crumble
Ill get back up and uhh
But Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you!
‘Cause Im stronger than I was

A beautiful face is all that you have
‘Cause on the inside youre ugly and mad
But youre all that I love, I grasp, you cant leave
Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please
And Id beg and Id plead, drop to knees
And Id cry and Id scream, Baby, please dont leave!
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothin, nothin for me
So, please dont wake me from this dream, baby
Were still together in my head
And youre still in love with me
Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

But you wont break me
Youll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you Ill be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I wont crumble
Ill get back up and uhh
But Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you!
‘Cause Im stronger than I was

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide
That you caused, ‘cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride
Id rather die than you not be by my side
Cant count how many times I vomited, cried
Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
Nah, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde
I felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie
It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die?
‘Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda
Its like you put a knife through my chest
And pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike too, shoulda
Put up more of a fight, but I couldnt
At the time, no one could hurt me like you coulda
Take you back now, whats the likelihood of that?
Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer!
‘Cause this morning I finally stood up
Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left
And left me with nothin but shattered dreams
And the life we coulda had and we coulda been
But Im breakin out of this slump Im in
Pullin myself out of the dumps once again
Im gettin up once and for all—fuck this shit!
Ima be late for the pity party
But youre never gonna beat me to the fuckin punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ
So dont lump me in with them chump-ions
Im done bein your punching bag
It was the November 31st today
Woulda been our anniversary
Two years, but you left on the 1st of May
I wrote it on a calendar, was gonna call
But couldnt think of the words to say
But they came to me just now—so I put em in a verse to lay

And I thank you (Uh), ‘cause you made me (Uh)
A better person than I was
But I hate you (Uh), ‘cause you drained me (Uh)
I gave you all, you gave me none
But if you blame me (Uh), youre crazy (Uh)
And after all is said and done
Im still angry, yeah, I may be
I may never trust someone

But you wont break me
Youll just make me stronger than I was
Before I met you, I bet you Ill be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I wont crumble
Ill get back up and uhh
But Ima still be humble when I scream Fuck you!
‘Cause Im stronger than I was
Mhmmm *inhales*
You high, baby?
Yeah
Yeah?
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you wanna hear

Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
Im here to save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
I wanna grow together, lets let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, Im here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
Im single now: got no ring on this finger now
Id never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship; save it, bitch!
Babysit? You make me sick
Superman aint savin shit
Girl, you can jump on Shadys dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with whats-her-face
Im a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash?
Id rather have you whip my ass
Dont put out, Ill put you out
Wont get out, Ill push you out
Puss blew out, poppin shit
Wouldnt piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice?
Bitch, if you died, wouldnt buy you life
What, you tryin to be my new wife?
What, you Mariah? Fly through twice

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe Ill love you one day
Maybe well someday grow
Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway, ho

‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

Dont get me wrong, I love these hoes
Its no secret, everybody knows
Yeah, we fucked—bitch, so what?
Thats about as far as your buddy goes
Well be friends, Ill call you again
Ill chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car Ill be in
Well see how much youll be partyin then
You dont want that, neither do I
I dont wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess thats just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two?
Id never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe Ill love you one day
Maybe well someday grow
Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway, ho

‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
Im here to save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
I wanna grow together, lets let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, Im here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

First thing you say: Im not fazed
I hang around big stars all day
I dont see what the big deal is anyway
Youre just plain old Marshall to me
Ooh yeah, girl, run that game
Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, whats that say?
Rot In Pieces, uh, thats great
First off, you dont know Marshall
At all, so dont grow partial
Thats ammo for my arsenal
Ill slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy, whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you cant have
Ooh girl, thats too damn bad
Dont touch what you cant grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you til you cant stand
Girl, you just blew your chance
Dont mean to ruin your plans

But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe Ill love you one day
Maybe well someday grow
Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway, ho

‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
Im here to save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
I wanna grow together, lets let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, Im here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shadys world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
I cant be your Superman, cant be your Superman
Cant be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
Yeah!

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

Wasnt ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning it wasnt bout the ends, it was bout
Bustin raps and standin for somethin, fuck an acronym
Cut the fuckin act like youre happy, Im fuckin back again
With another anthem – why stop when it doesnt have to end?
It aint over til I say its over, enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up, Im afraid of Whatll happen to them wolves when the thought of being thrown
Into an alligator pit, I salivate at it, wait is up
Hands up like its 12 noon, nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up
Wave em til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos, I aint deflate enough
Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, cause—

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
Im so close to my goals, I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I dont got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man, will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed-up and got a bloodbath
Im not a rapper, Im an adapter: I can adjust
Plus, I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So, floors open if youd like to discuss
Top 5 in this muhfucka, and if I dont make the cut
What? Like I give a fuck! Ima light this bitch up like Im driving a truck
Through the side of a pump, 0 to 60, hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, Im hyping em up
And if there should ever come a time where my lifes in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh, mightve mistook
Me for bowin out, I aint takin a bow, Im stabbin myself
With a fuckin knife in the gut while Im wipin my butt
Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, youre in a fight with a nut
Cause Ima fight til I die or win, bitin the dust
Itll just make me angrier; wait, let me remind you of what
Got me this far, picture me quittin
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut!
Its survival of what?

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all

(Yeah) So, get your ideas, stack your ammo
But dont come unless you come to battle, now mount up, jump in the saddle
This is it—its what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, cant defuse the wick
I dont do this music shit, Ill lose my shit
Aint got shit to lose, its the moment of truth, its all I know how to do
As soon as I get thrown in a booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue, Im showin you the flow no one do
Cause I dont own no diploma for school, I quit
So theres nothin for me to fall back on, I know no other trade
So you better trade your fuckin mics in for some tool-box-es
Cause youll never take my pride from me, itll have to be pried from me
So, pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers!
But I want you to doubt me, I dont want you to buh-lieve
Cause this is somethin that I must use to succeed
And if you dont like me, then fuck you! Self-esteem
Must be fuckin shootin through the roof, cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be
Allergic to failure, cause everytime I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then a-chieve!

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all
Im friends with the monster thats under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
Youre tryin to save me, stop holdin your breath
And you think Im crazy, yeah, you think Im crazy

I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars cant be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
For wantin my cake, and eat it too, and wantin it both ways
Fame made me a balloon cause my ego inflated
When I blew, see, but it was confusing
Cause all I wanted to dos be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam
Whoo! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winnin a used mink
Ironic cause I think Im gettin so huge I need a shrink
Im beginnin to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Goin coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith
But Im actually weirder than you think, cause Im—

Im friends with the monster thats under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
Youre tryin to save me, stop holdin your breath
And you think Im crazy, yeah, you think Im crazy
Well, thats nothin (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, thats nothin (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)

Now, I aint much of a poet
But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment
And dont squander it cause you never know when it all
Could be over tomorrow, so I keep conjurin
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
Yeah, ponderinll do you wonders
No wonder youre losin your mind, the way it wanders
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! I think it went wanderin off down yonder
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
Cause the very thing that I loves killin me and I cant conquer it
My OCDs conkin me in the head, keep knockin
Nobodys home, Im sleepwalkin
Im just relayin what the voice in my heads sayin
Dont shoot the messenger, Im just friends with the—

Im friends with the monster thats under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
Youre tryin to save me, stop holdin your breath
And you think Im crazy, yeah, you think Im crazy
Well, thats nothin (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, thats nothin (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)

Call me crazy, but I have this vision, one day that
Ill walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then, drums get killed and
Im comin straight at MCs, blood gets spilled and
Ill take you back to the days that Id get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that pumped-up feelin
And shit to say back to the kids who played him
I aint here to save the fuckin children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are goin through a struggle, feels it and relates, thats great!
Its payback, Russell Wilson fallin way back
In the draft, turn nothin into somethin, still can make that
Straw into gold, chump, I will spin—Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straightjacket
Face facts: I am nuts for real, but Im okay with that!
Its nothin, Im still friends with the—

Im friends with the monster thats under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
Youre tryin to save me, stop holdin your breath
And you think Im crazy, yeah, you think Im crazy

Im friends with the monster thats under my bed
(Get along with) Get along with the voices inside of my head
(Youre tryin to) Youre tryin to save me, stop holdin your breath
(And you think) And you think Im crazy, yeah, you think Im crazy
Well, thats nothin

(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Well, thats nothin (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
(Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
Were gonna have a problem here...

Yall act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin her over furniture (Agh!)
Its the return of the Oh, wait, no way, youre kidding
He didnt just say what I think he did, did he?
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dres dead, hes locked in my basement (Ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, Im sick of him
Look at him, walkin around, grabbin his you-know-what
Flippin the you-know-who, Yeah, but hes so cute though
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than whats goin on in your parents bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But cant, but its cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips
And if Im lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And thats the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a womans clitoris is
Of course, theyre gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
Theyve got the Discovery Channel, dont they?
We aint nothin but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then theres no reason that a man and another man cant elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—

Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith dont gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a GRAMMY?
Half of you critics cant even stomach me, let alone stand me
But Slim, what if you win, wouldnt it be weird?
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
Yeah, hes cute, but I think hes married to Kim, hee-hee
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
Im sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And theres a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just dont give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me

Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Im like a head trip to listen to, cause Im only givin you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of yall
And I dont gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: How can kids eat up these albums like Valiums?
Its funny, cause at the rate, Im going, when Im thirty
Ill be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurses asses when Im jacking off with Jergens
And Im jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isnt working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, I dont give a fuck!
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Cause Im Slim Shady, yes, Im the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So wont the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Ha ha, I guess theres a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, lets all stand up!
*Plane crash*
Yeah (Illa, Illa, Illa)
Yo, Im just gonna write down my first thoughts, and see where this takes me, ’cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin face right now
Yeah

Let me explain just how to make greatness
Straight out the gate, Im ’bout to break it down
Aint no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, Im bout
To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows
If I press the issue just to get the anger out (Brrr!)
Full magazine could take Staples out
Savage but aint thinkin bout no bank account
But bitch, Im off the chain like Kala Brown
Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I’m talkin’, lil bitch
I’m sorry, wait, whats your talent? Oh, critiquin
My talent? Oh, bitch, I dont know who the fuck y’all are
To give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion of you
You mention me, millions of views, attention in news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give shit reviews
To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse
Dont get misconstrued, business as us
Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do
Or get dissed cause I just dont get
What the fuck half the shit is that youre listenin to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Probly no
Get this fuckin audio out my Audi, yo, adiós
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin, it just aint for me
All I am simply is just an emcee
Maybe Stan just isnt your cup of tea (Get it?)
Maybe your cups full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably
Shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, yall want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I dont see my breath
Possibly Im dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, Im E-V-I-L (Evil spelled)
Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick
With an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip
Hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch
Like Vice President Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip
These are things that Id rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ, man, how many times is
Someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!)
You wont ever see Em icy
But as cold as I get on the M-I-C
I polarize shit, so the Thames might freeze
And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it
Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (Yeah)
Turn down for what?
I aint loud enough, nah, turn the Valium up (Illa, Illa, Illa)
Cause I dont know how Im gonna get your mouths to shut
Now when it doesnt matter what caliber
I spit at, Ill bet a hundred thousand bucks
Youll turn around and just be like, Man, how the fuck
Sourpuss gonna get mad just cause his album sucks?
And now he wants to take it out on us (Ooouuu)
But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy
Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
Itll help me get back to myself and shell love me (Ooouuu)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
Id just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me (NFing)
So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg Azae
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
Im fed up with bein humble
And rumor is Im hungry, Im sure you heard rumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumblin but its jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that Im from will pummel you, thats what its comin to
What the fuck youre gonna do when you run into it?
Im gonna crumble you and Ill take a number two
And dump on you, if you aint Joyner
If you aint Kendrick or Cole or Sean, then youre a goner
Im bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper
You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonalds
But if youre lookin to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But yall are actin like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned
And you woulda bought it
But sayin I no longer got it
Cause you missed a line and never caught it
Cause it went over your head, because youre too stupid to get it
Cause youre mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but youll never be an artist
And Im harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
What Ill never be is flawless, all Ill ever be is honest (Illa, Illa, Illa)
Even when Im gone theyre gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldnt bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that Ima hit my bottom
If I dont pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
I dont see why yall even started with me
I get in beefs, my enemies die
I dont cease fire til at least all are deceased
Im east side, never be caught slippin
Now you see why I dont sleep, not even a wink, I dont blink
I dont doze off, I dont even nod to the beats
I dont even close my fuckin eyes when I sneeze
Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage
The Thing aint even orange—oh my God, thats a reach!
Shout to all my colorblind people
Each and everyone of yall, if you call a fire engine green
Aquamarine, or you think water is pink
Dawg, thats a date — Looks like an olive to me
Look, theres an apple! — No, its not, its a peach!
So finger-bang, Pootie Tang
Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesnt matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But Im gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (Yeah)
Invite em in like a One A Day
Im not done (Preach!)

Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
Cause the way I see people turnings
Makin it seem worthless, its startin to defeat the purpose
Im watchin my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just tryin to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
Cause Im determined to be me, critiqued or worshipped
But if I could go back, Id at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent
Sold the dream to that hes deserted
But I think its workin
These verses are makin him a wee bit nervous
And hes too scurred to answer me with words
Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least hes heard it
Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin him
Or ask if Im linked to terrorists
I said, Only when it comes to ink and lyricists
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up)
I said, my beef is more meaty, a journalist
Can get a mouthful of flesh
And yes, I mean eating a penis
Cause theyve been pannin my album to death
So Ive been givin the media fingers
Dont wanna turn this to a counseling sesh
But theyve been puttin me through the ringer
So I aint ironin shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleaners
...Man, whatever

Dre, just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo
This song is for anyone
Fuck it, shut up and listen
Ayo

I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zags and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth
And since birth Ive been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension, dispensin these sentences
Gettin this stress thats been eatin me recently off
Of this chest and I rest again peacefully (Peacefully)
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when Im eatin or feedin my daughter
To not come and speak to me (Speak to me), I dont know you
And no, I dont owe you a motherfuckin thing
Im not Mr. NSync, Im not what your friends think
Im not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me, my tank is on empty (Is on empty)
No patience is in me and if you offend me
Im liftin you ten feet (Liftin you ten feet) in the air
I dont care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
Ill smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
Im tired of all you (Of all you), I dont mean to be mean
But thats all I can be, its just me

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio wont even play my jam
Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I dont know, thats just the way I am

Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
With all of this nonsense, its constant
And, Oh, its his lyrical content
The song Guilty Conscience has gotten such rotten responses.
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (Finger at me)
So I point one back at em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, its the one you put up
When you dont give a fuck, when you wont just put up
With the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too
When a dudes gettin bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (On Marilyn) and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where its at!
Middle America, now its a tragedy
Now its so sad to see, an upper-class city
Havin this happenin (This happenin) then attack
Eminem cause I rap this way (Rap this way) but Im glad
Cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn
And its burnin, and I have returned

And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio wont even play my jam
Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I dont know, thats just the way I am

Im so sick and tired of bein admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, lets stop with the fables
Im not gonna be able to top a My Name Is
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock n roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (Got the patience)
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think Im some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk
With an accent and grab on my balls so they always
Keep askin the same fuckin questions (Fuckin questions)
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
Til Im grabbin my hair and Im tearin it out
Cause they drivin me crazy (Drivin me crazy), I cant take it
Im racin, Im pacin, I stand and I sit
And Im thankful for every fan that I get
But I cant take a shit in the bathroom without
Someone standin by it! (Standin by it) No, I wont sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole, Im glad

Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio wont even play my jam
Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasnt, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I dont know, thats just the way I am
Oh, this what we doin? Alright
M.A

I like a bitch that like to wobble, wobble
Shake it, shake it, break it, break it, uh
Nigga, we made it, made it, they hate it, hate it
Pro professional, pure persistent, Im paper chasing
I hate complaining, I hated waiting, Ill pay for patience
But I hate to pay a bill (Hate that)
And I made a mil without a major deal (I made that)
Yeah, her ass fake, but she came for real (She came, uh)
Money aint a thing, that aint a thing for real
Its the broke lingo (Huh)
And no, aint nothing Saweetie, this is no Quavo (Migo)
Man, I just get high, let my hoes lay low (Ooh)
I just want some face but this is no facial (Ooh)
Do right and kill erbody, Drake mode (Hello)
Bitch, Im tryna eat out, take your plate mode (Hello)
Disrespect that life and Im in gang mode (Grrr)
You can leave this earth, bitch, Im in rake mode (Huh)
Im in cake mode (Huh), Im in brave mode, uh
What up, Marshall? Im a martian, Im in Wayne mode (Facts)
Neck wet, big drip, Im in rain mode (Drip, drip, drip)
Eight niggas, eight hittas, take eight souls (Brrr)
Collect pesos (Huh), and Im paid, so? (Paid)
Self-made goals (Hey)
When the pain leaves (Huh)
Where does the pain go? (Where?)
Tip of the backwood is where the flame goes (There)
To the sky is where my brain goes (Wow)
Same pack, same fiend, sellin the same clothes (Wow)
Pinocchio and my pistol, they got the same nose
Me and my niggas gotta eat, we share the same stove (What?)
Case closed, bodies in my lane, bitch, lane closed

Game over, Thanos on you H-Os
On my petty shit but I dont paint toes (Yeah)
Get the plunger (Plunger) cause Marshall and M.A go plum crazy
Call us liquid plumber, cause even Dre know (Dre know)
Beat knocks like a beefed up Detox
Youre gonna need three squads of police officers at least to come pull me off of it and I dont stop
Please, dawg, I need yall to keep talking shit cause I feed off of it
I am the complete opposite of these retards who spit these weak bars, Ima leave carnage
Each thoughtll be so toxic, itll block the wind through your esophagus
Stop it, cutting off your oxygen
And I hit them pads like a boxing gym
Better watch for Slim, better get to popping and when Im at the top again
I wont topple, Im giving it to anyone who wanna come and get it and Im not gonna stop
But when they ask me is the war finished with MGK? Of course it is
I cleansed him of his mortal sins, Im God and the Lord forgives even the devil worshippers
Im moving on but you know your scruples are gone when youre born with Lucifers horns
And youre from the school of Notorious, Puba, Cube and The Poor Righteous Teachers tutored my students
Showed them all the blueprint and formula
But it seems like the more they studied my music, the more they remind me of eyeballs
Im watching my pupils get cornier (Uh)
But Im contemplating yelling Bombs away on the game
Like Im outside of an Ariana Grande concert waiting

They call me Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Wheres Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how Im behaving, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenét me (Fuck you), Im unaccommodating

Man, I dont see why they hate me (Huh?)
Im a clown like John Wayne Gacy (What?)
They call me Kanye crazy (Yah)
APESHIT, Beyonce, Jay-Z (Woo)
And Im back with Andre, baby (Yeah)
And the doctors operating (What?)
But he never put no scrubs on from Snoop, K. Dot to Shady
Shady like a shadow or your silhouette, intellect, I better check to see why you feel upset
Cause I met your bitch on the internet now Im getting head like a Pillow Pet
That bimbo can put her lips all the way around this bone and then blow
Like a dusty cartridge from an old Nintendo
Those were the days but I bet you, Im never gonna be broke again, no
I dont smoke but I got paper, to be blunt, Im rolling Indo
And I keep it one comma, zero, zero, zero, zero
Real, real, real, murder, murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
Nickel-plated, twenty two, two, two
Bitch, shut the fuck up fore I shoot you too
Aint shit I wont do just to get a few YouTube views
Run up in a church like pew, pew, pew
Cause thats what I do, do, do
But, even to the untrained human eye
We aint the same, you and I
Somebody should have explained to you why
For you to go against me, its simply insane, you will die (Yeah)
Thats why they call me Kamikaze, its plain suicide, yeah
But I know magic and here go my last trick
Im bout to say Abracadabra and pull a B Rabbit up out of my hat
Im about to relapse and I betcha that you wont know how to react
But a look of disgust, I dont doubt itd be that
As I begin to fuckin devour the track
And you backpedal, that is a cowardly act
Like a Saudi attack when the towers collapsed

They call me Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Wheres Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how Im behaving, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenét me (Fuck you), Im unaccommodating
I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Sets you off til you scream, Piss off! Screw you!
When it talks to you like you dont belong
Or tells you youre in the wrong field
When somethings in your mitochondrial
Cause it latched on to you, like—

Knock knock, let the devil in
Manevolent as Ive ever been, head is spinnin
This medicines screamin, L-L-L-Let us in!
L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeletons meltin
Wicked, I get all high when I think Ive smelled the scent
Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Mayo and went from Hellmanns and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics 97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proofs room slept on the floor of da motel then
Dr. Dre said, Hell yeah!
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know theyre gonna hate
But I dont care, I barely can wait
To hit em with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin world better prepare to get laced
Because theyre gonna taste my—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
It-its evident Im not done
V-Venomous, the thoughts spun
Like a web and you just caught in em
Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
Beat strangler attack
So this aint gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
Like, whats her names at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin
Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi)
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up backin into ya
You aint gonna be able to tell what the fucks happenin to ya
When youre bit with the—

Venom, adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home
Aint no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, Im loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
Youre snake-bitten with my—venom
With the ballpoint pen Im
Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitch, its goin down like Yung Joc
Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not, you only get one shot
Ate shit til I cant taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner, then drank til I faint
And awake with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons Im bonded to
Cause theyre chasin me but Im part of you
So escapin me is impossible
I latch onto you like a—parasite
And I probably ruined your parents life
And your childhood too
Cause if Im the music that yall grew up on
Im responsible for you retarded fools
Im the super villain Dad and Mom was losin their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And Im the suit, so call me—

Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And Im not knowin when Im
Ever gonna slow up and Im
Ready to snap any moment Im
Thinkin its time to go get em
They aint gonna know what hit em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
I walk on water
But I aint no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes (Fuck)

Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set?
My arms, I stretch, but I can’t reach
A far cry from it, or its in my grasp, but as
Soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip like the flying trapeze
Into the dark I plummet, now the skys blackening
I know the mark’s high, butter–
Flies rip apart my stomach
Knowin that no matter what bars I come with
Youre gonna harp, gripe, and
Thats a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these
As pressure increases like khakis
I feel the ice cracking, because—

I walk on water
But I aint no Jesus
(Its the curse of the—, its the curse of the—)
I walk on water (Shit)
But only when it freezes

Its the curse of the standard, that the first of the Mathers disc set
Always in search of the verse that I haven’t spit yet
Will this step just be another misstep
To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect
I’ve garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like Im hittin’ the mark
Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, This shit is garbage!
Gods given me all this, still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, its a facade and it’s exhaustive
And I try not to listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin to strip me of my confidence
Mission accomplished
Im not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith
And Im not Prince, so…

I walk on water
But I aint no Jesus
I walk on water
(Its true, Im a Rubiks—, its true—)
But only when it freezes
(Its true—)

Cause Im only human, just like you
Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I dont think you should believe in me the way that you do
Cause Im terrified to let you down, oh

Its true, Im a Rubiks—a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But Im doin my best to not ruin your ex–
Pectations and meet em, but first
The Speedom verse, now Big Sean
Hes goin too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin out my palm
Every album song I was spazzin the fuck out on
And now Im gettin clowned and frowned on
But the only one whos looking down on
Me that matters nows DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?
Begs the question though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home
Is burnt to the ground and all thats left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And its time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtains drawn
Theyre closin the set, Im still pokin my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let em tell ya the world no longer cares
Or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine
Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin tightrope outta twine?
But when I do fall from these heights though, Ill be fine
I wont pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But Ill decide if its my final bow this time around, cause—

I walk on water
But I aint no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

Cause Im only human, just like you
Ive been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I dont think you should believe in me the way that you do
Cause Im terrified to let you down, oh
If I walked on water, I would drown

Cause Im just a man
But as long as I got a mic, Im godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote Stan
Yeah, its my life
In my own words, I guess

Have you ever loved someone so much, youd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know theyre your heart and you know you are their armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around to bite you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
Daddy, look what I made! Dads gotta go catch a plane
Daddy, wheres Mommy? I cant find Mommy, where is she?
I dont know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddys busy
Daddys writin a song, this song aint gon write itself
Ill give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother whos a spitting image of her
Thats Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shadys crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shadys rock-a-bye baby, ha

And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back
And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back

I keep havin this dream, Im pushin Hailie on the swing
She keeps screamin she dont want me to sing
Youre makin Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy cryin?
Baby, Daddy aint leavin no more Daddy, youre lyin!
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you aint leavin no more, Daddy, youre mine!
Shes pilin boxes in front of the door, tryna block it
Daddy, please! Daddy, dont leave! Daddy, no, stop it!
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
Its got a picture, Thisll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with ya!
I look up, its just me standin in the mirror
These fuckin walls must be talkin, cause man, I can hear em
Theyre sayin, You got one more chance to do right and its tonight
Now go out there and show em that you love em fore its too late!
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, theyre gone and this spotlight is on and Im singin

And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back
And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back

Sixty-thousand people all jumpin out their seat
The curtain closes, theyre throwin roses at my feet
I take a bow and Thank you all for comin out
Theyre screamin so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I dont believe what Im seein
Daddy, its me! Help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin!
But baby, were in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you werent leavin
You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says Number One Dad
Thats all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin
I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin.
But baby, wait! – Its too late, Dad, you made the choice
Now go up there and show em that you love em more than us
Thats what they want, they want you, Marshall, they keep
Screamin your name, its no wonder you cant go to sleep
Just take another pill, yeah, I bet you you will
You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real.
I hear applause, all this time I couldnt see
How could it be that the curtain is closin on me?
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream, Die, Shady! and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
Thats when I wake up, alarm clocks ringin, theres birds singin
Its spring and Hailies outside swingin
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles, and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say

And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back
And when Im gone, just carry on, dont mourn, rejoice
Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that
Im lookin down on you smilin and I didnt feel a thing
So, baby, dont feel my pain, just smile back
*Curtains closing*
Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks (*record scratch*)

Two trailer park girls go round the outside
Round the outside, round the outside
Two trailer park girls go round the outside
Round the outside, round the outside

Guess whos back, back again
Shadys back, tell a friend
Guess whos back, guess whos back
Guess whos back, guess whos back
Guess whos back, guess whos back
Guess whos back

Ive created a monster, cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, Im chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this is what Ill give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka thatll jump start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when Im not co-operating
When Im rocking the table while hes operating (Hey!)
You waited this long, now stop debating
Cause Im back, Im on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husbands heart problems complicating
So the FCC wont let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, cause this shits about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, fuck you, Debbie!

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me

Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners helpless
Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, Bitch!
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass (*smack*)​​
And its a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me?
Well, Im back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then Im gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
Im interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing, Attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Heres my ten cents, my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me?

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me

A tisk-it a task-it, Ill go tit for tat with
Anybody whos talking This shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie
You thirty-six-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me
You dont know me, youre too old, let go
Its over, nobody listens to techno
Now lets go, just give me the signal
Ill be there with a whole list full of new insults
Ive been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean Im disgusting
But its just me, Im just obscene
Though Im not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey!)
Theres a concept that works
Twenty million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
Itd be so empty without me

Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
Cause we need a little controversy
Cause it feels so empty without me

Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la
Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la
Kids!